every constant
market fund
parsing capability
roles tagging
e number
documentation process
global contexts
journalistic prose
supervised tagger
purpose dictionaries
permanent blockage
coarse match
pos pair
pattern accounts
new beliefs
sentences making
direct search
classes whose
number 6
long terms
optimal model
various relationships
desired reference
token n
grammar system
plan constructor
summarization challenge
media coordination
predicational objects
failure analysis
separate cases
present within
new process
wrong links
john carried
n constituents
genus words
dollar sign
whose probabilities
metonymic adjectives
concepts connected
syntactic freedom
broader context
rule module
sparseness issues
lexical tuning
practical recognition
fragment must
modification relations
vague descriptions
run em
consider models
passive sentences
coverage language
chain condition
q c
words combined
acronym expansion
translation value
delete information
accuracy tradeoff
types 3
analysis used
even distribution
right head
lexical counterparts
features f
semantics simultaneously
executive director
various context
read text
nl utterances
simple concepts
heuristic optimization
account tbr
les hommes
extraction redundancy
great potential
state constraints
morphosyntactic analysis
arms control
prosodic verb
single list
omitting information
text contents
task focuses
set c
additional functions
gram methods
generation alone
minimal requirements
lines described
locality restriction
equation 1
binary ones
german could
cannot alter
trans pass
since montague
two random
perplexity reductions
systems present
metaphors like
grammar writer
system aimed
p u
initial fragment
entire task
knowledg e
pas par
score goes
systems difficult
words means
observed sentences
minutes using
total times
list goes
les connaissances
handle anaphora
phrases contain
collecting speech
meaningful names
phrases occur
help develop
5 summarises
orthogonal dimensions
granularity may
language accepted
rule scoring
domain due
checkout counter
sentences inside
trec corpus
focus stores
prediction methods
conversational text
training becomes
concrete objects
productive pattern
binary blog
possible reference
text classification
incremental copy
methods increases
set needs
context statistics
gapping construction
f lhe
another form
shallow semantics
adverbial particles
est vraie
simple aspects
term n
spontaneous dialogue
actions need
60k words
attitude model
related adjectives
theoretical interest
require making
mix language
fourth word
filtering approaches
words extracted
hripcsak et
empirical predictions
optimization models
relevance model
correct guesses
attach 1
system documentation
supported summarization
novel n
natural system
units generated
restoring case
local property
indicators measure
example l
recursive rules
simple add
initial system
duluth word
template data
correcting output
one corresponds
speech assignment
early attempt
person named
systems generally
approaches achieve
asked people
new idea
line tool
sejong treebank
first improvement
boundaries around
pushdown store
cognitive state
possible distinct
balanced corpora
voice sentences
analyzed text
associated values
arabic verb
context problem
attentional mechanism
red sox
stage 4
various modes
old bag
common notion
sentences consisting
distinct ways
let q
compositional interpretation
partial downstep
twenty thousand
l training
grained representations
generated training
algorithm offers
redundant computation
grounded attribute
distrib concept
word girl
subtask labels
detailed text
achieves 88
identifying topics
impoverished representation
higher scoring
sets would
highest overlap
hybrid convolution
financial reports
rule prefers
international computer
introductory example
log k
everyday words
boolean field
principle 2
conceptual sentence
begin tag
function variable
smart version
e provided
input phrase
infinitive forms
constraints may
system architectures
class ct
tree thus
syntactic case
unique entities
systems assume
often work
experimental parser
predicate decomposition
features sets
occur independently
generates sentence
adjacent alignment
subsequent reference
facilitate automatic
crf performs
russian morphology
active item
using statistics
second sort
disambiguation rule
data modules
previous subject
give tile
expert sets
provides clues
tree spanning
critical points
striking feature
crego et
called knowledge
two fss
evaluations described
current predicate
logical sub
sentences beginning
principle says
structure correspondence
algorithm combines
john seem
world english
tai yang
short presentation
active msea
unbounded stacks
starting model
given position
semantic environment
demonstration purposes
small computer
xsl transformation
repeated material
worse accuracy
sensible way
goodman 1998
sentiment terms
generate either
larger study
multimedia explanations
like gene
complete dictionary
article appears
idiomatic interpretation
complete tree
abstracts away
test messages
prompting texts
general relationships
entity tagged
rightmost node
obtained results
spl term
discovery procedure
generation gap
missing relations
standard recall
reference constraints
columns indicate
definition groups
empty onset
five positions
property value
term constituents
terminological unit
interaction control
correct classification
set allows
query paraphrase
automatic text
parliamentary debates
bn corpus
probabilistic hpsg
replace mr
boundary tag
one hopes
form relation
null sults
frequent answer
japanese grammars
second string
initial consonants
phonological content
elements included
doubted proposition
features described
names associated
go find
general context
labeled tree
modern grammar
represent different
chinese compound
column describes
reasonable candidates
example clearly
described could
grammar syntax
target stimulus
perceptual memory
induce pcfgs
many regularities
compare well
real questions
common face
morpheme class
appropriate method
language contained
schematic analysis
symbolic labels
negligible loss
support high
subtree headed
several content
acoustic level
authors show
evaluation forum
overall fit
words arc
local tree
ambiguity concerns
special subsolution
verbal terms
generally uses
particular degree
isolated constituent
make comments
syntactic argument
three varieties
greatest aggregate
meaningful units
system detected
main classes
type raising
communication engineer
make things
large group
structure theory
sorts rules
refer back
document tree
initial words
models provide
new law
partial parsers
day hungarian
object slots
summarizing texts
agreement may
performance component
input range
global plan
candidate output
countably infinite
group contained
major parts
label would
given x
system engineering
never mind
systems employing
lexicon l
predictions regarding
called dynamic
sampled data
good way
translation set
appropriate learning
instructions based
rules independently
operator provides
phrasal knowledge
emergent approach
dialogues collected
research agency
standard computational
50 cases
specific templates
focus semantic
thank robert
direct result
entity tag
lexical phenomenon
dt nn
order 1
output depends
system accuracy
5 questions
word cluster
sowa 1994
main object
extraction template
medical literature
smith b
preconditions may
also solves
report significant
candidate partial
value w
dialogue community
whole class
repeat words
next describe
specified grammar
original notation
major portion
sections give
ones made
identify sentences
particular components
student turns
first attempt
unseen test
translate texts
employ feature
different instance
several determiners
adjective entry
tagging could
low word
appropriate keywords
nodes need
air combat
e marker
actions like
producing translation
aspect meanings
corpus related
narrow class
additional possibility
practical situation
frequency word
automatically detects
main frame
completely straightforward
absolute time
rule ri
new book
focusing strategies
intersentential relation
pump parts
structural differences
satellite network
east germany
entity introduction
fragment highlights
best search
entity among
set took
use class
generated l
theoretic principles
biographical summarizer
candidate x
issues discussed
task operations
experimental evaluation
acquired data
people engage
obligatory elements
a34 a35
graph topology
propositional referent
concept like
ohio state
preprocessor identifies
many gaps
plans based
mandatory case
path search
specify relations
mechanism consists
du bois
grained aspects
recall compared
known classification
unexpected ways
random feature
distinct surface
comparison time
node nj
cannot generate
main decision
include mechanisms
salient events
matching procedures
global variables
many texts
four dollars
art smt
empirical risk
sentences concerning
share one
entre les
observed vector
opera glasses
context features
used alignment
packing method
une demande
vocabulary contains
subjects per
selection techniques
recipient role
inclusion testing
reading input
context also
translation system
study would
include noun
resolving anaphora
across levels
marked elements
half shows
station names
value ranges
gibbs sampler
added value
grammar role
increase considerably
grace shall
proposed root
eastern sales
contain explicit
tree edit
user guide
models one
soup parser
one phase
complete meaning
three ways
kessler et
parsing terminates
plan tree
among systems
3 applies
system lacked
gnome corpus
lingual question
auto talks
bilkent university
second speaker
way similar
vocabulary level
network node
errors instead
manual correction
calculus form
one conversant
allows additional
vietnamese word
differentiate one
reduction approach
average response
paraphrastic relations
ranks higher
identifies syntactic
mereological bridging
existing patterns
tipster components
matrix used
nxt data
config files
segmental cues
predefined information
error value
simple programming
pronunciation procedure
single values
individual conjuncts
pop transition
summaries used
resulting fl
cleft sentences
limited morphological
fourth example
labels j
template generated
reasonable levels
social reasons
predict problematic
experiment would
communication architecture
general claim
shows whether
latter must
using synonym
different location
average edit
extra templates
features currently
context across
resulting construction
paris 89
strings representing
one action
a8 a0
part describes
ratio greater
translation options
alignment tool
context surrounding
individual assignments
display certain
using features
windows size
zero mean
relations differ
rational transductions
implicit node
yi et
important application
guo ji
47 categories
grammatical systems
signaling game
improve processing
current trec
two intermediate
reciprocal answer
set appears
zai na
alignment mapping
common paradigm
atis benchmarks
document meaning
le code
lexical selections
system identified
priority function
op haar
automatic metrics
proof system
test term
large array
probability events
matching operations
la production
first message
units may
n syllables
ne grammar
inner structure
noticeable impact
method seems
null tively
rather fuzzy
morphemic lexicon
current asr
given construct
management program
parses based
sug derivation
syntactic lexicon
un corpus
lcs representations
small hand
parsing mechanisms
input terms
linked list
typing effort
oriented alignments
information seekers
evaluation cycles
empty complementizers
traditional computer
language laboratory
possessive pronoun
l sequence
e knowledge
pointing events
john gave
certain way
dmtrans plus
subject matter
hold cross
utterance plans
three distributions
phrase subject
temporal entity
post slots
stacked focus
parsing noun
igure 1
systems already
paper describes
generating multimodal
problems could
linguistic utterances
sun ultra
major concepts
definitional knowledge
minor ways
decisions based
presupposition triggers
complement list
race celebrated
system comparison
without respect
present progressive
read data
rule p
estimation stage
pass using
template merging
dogs barked
greedy factorization
airport names
smoothing effects
see dowty
suggests directions
counting word
parameter models
construal rules
semantic constructs
labelled data
john greeted
similar information
form region
restricted grammars
influences 0
sgml markup
better modeling
probabilities shown
current type
including corpus
translation words
stack corresponding
tim part
computation algorithm
masaru tomita
first subtask
techniques discussed
simple mechanisms
constraint e
new video
preparation process
interesting event
hong et
similar token
going work
meaningful phrase
activated clusters
wolfgang wahlster
topic chains
entry also
nodes like
better similarity
fire bill
dowty 1986
generative linguists
severe restrictions
form models
times inverse
certain article
therefore receive
naacl 2004
axiom linking
pronominal forms
editor allows
generic hypotheses
get h
subject design
simple noun
generate spoken
answer question
validation tools
available literature
reduces error
intensional object
transcription tasks
assess performance
main pair
unaccented postprepositional
discourse per
previous phases
change based
conversational data
incomplete constituent
jc measure
bootstrapping algorithms
many entries
funny day
proposition b
certain inferences
arcs denote
whose speech
major aspects
nouns present
text aloud
update efficiency
syntactic properties
constituency approaches
tree derivable
free parsing
newspaper press
web genres
argument boundaries
processing course
generate adequate
repair techniques
donc les
higher p
actual utterances
global scope
architecture could
human mental
linguistic relationship
verb string
query features
optimization procedure
alignment rules
vital nuggets
parameter selection
subsidiary sharedplan
best weight
concept net
inspection shows
based report
state a8
evaluation depends
apply text
case history
current dr
improvement since
whole syntactic
different engines
measure sentence
pitch pattern
g denotes
possible advantages
words cooccurring
code table
graphical output
control constructions
concrete plan
path weight
editing phase
significant level
number features
items instead
fundamental concept
2 noun
odqa engine
local tag
conditional probabilistic
analyzed data
2003 qa
cut distinction
45 tags
also state
form selection
5 top
grammatical development
large tf
pos lexicon
original content
topic context
second variant
see alonge
states rather
joshi 1991
5 features
propositions involving
watashi ga
null dence
possible operations
based pronoun
text fd
includes identification
ontology base
generalization accuracies
special group
formal words
three surface
three extraction
higher total
frames based
metathesaurus terms
petit prince
descriptive grammars
test must
statistical parsing
trigger words
use syntactic
global weights
typical instances
clarification sub
tectogrammatical representations
probabilistic techniques
correcting capability
answer correctness
stylistic intent
4gb ram
past tenses
unsupervised sense
actual language
also records
directly compute
subjective size
one grade
produce comparable
de donn6es
involving wh
transliterated name
paper focusses
short word
specific portions
ten subsets
recognizers use
x may
one formalism
state generalizations
controlling parameters
syntactic descriptions
location expressions
database system
violated preferences
representing types
slash np
rosso et
qualitative measure
word items
r would
strategies rely
tile sentence
spelling variant
information w
current treebank
pair identification
use svm
existing concepts
direct indication
relevant url
function w
modifying relation
assigned keywords
article contains
1 degrees
sold today
valency elements
frequency model
document order
business ventures
first iteration
state transitions
focused element
analysis captures
increased performance
merging operation
document vocabulary
positive influence
class identifiers
whose vertices
input messages
crafted grammar
second mode
subpath set
behaves differently
begin parsing
percent reduction
produced performance
training passes
unfilled slots
lfg framework
cation system
unification procedure
per cluster
th order
rule composition
second category
percent correct
semantic formalisms
predicate word
e template
act planner
au pr
canonical term
connected route
form may
article level
another author
statistics calculated
block structure
text content
development began
important dialogue
mathematical model
marker passing
double negation
les traitements
annotation team
stem must
important roles
japanese titles
natural access
common base
cannot compare
unique context
approximate text
time vs
properly account
spoken english
japanese analysis
sense heuristics
separate issues
annotated articles
earlier research
previous expression
approach generalizes
cult problem
intrasentential reference
dialogue modules
10 hits
alpino parser
morphologic recognition
deux r
vehicle position
experimental set
swap segment
extracting attribute
lexical variable
active volcano
recognition patterns
focus mainly
many model
dative object
hearst patterns
models depend
high school
es au
patterns requires
binding function
years several
deal wlth
different restrictions
european ones
potential practical
pruned model
criteria mentioned
children cannot
precision significantly
hard instances
lewes road
brain damage
alternative word
certain constraint
performs extremely
text item
stop voicing
user responds
boundary parsing
sense switch
source matching
danish translation
bruce knows
contract f30602
across domains
wrong place
surface positions
queries using
nine points
complicated word
linear prediction
system converts
cause trouble
level topics
partial flattening
called tile
targeted tagging
two aligners
electoral district
every paper
simulation technique
without bound
preprocessing modules
actual numbers
exhaustive description
50 terms
level approaches
triphone hmms
valued features
gram retrieval
mt lexicon
x target
r stated
dan verb
proposed constraints
recent discussion
early termination
automatic acquisition
handling procedures
three purposes
story expansion
distributional patterns
least part
z value
existing shallow
speaker role
null sponding
four transformations
event slots
clearly outperforms
corresponding generic
generate feature
electric circuit
different news
last twenty
generate examples
two brackets
help files
different classifiers
semantic graphs
constraint sets
subsequent sections
spread throughout
brief review
next equation
observation suggests
use probability
visual interface
sort resolution
continuity principle
incomplete information
concordance width
possessive adjectives
class membership
example 16
one dog
graph tab
man walks
deep center
individual word
single object
phrase rather
semantic flexibility
kbmt system
tomato sauce
hyphenated word
type sequence
tape symbol
de cuisine
parseval metrics
generalizes well
acquisition program
rl baseline
position cannot
grammar directly
psycholinguistics literature
generate local
define six
based induction
current stack
interval operation
test relaxation
proper identification
default location
tedious hand
retrieval methods
related patterns
currency values
arc q
telephone conversations
differs substantially
single gesture
based degradation
new groups
lexicographic practice
key concept
understanding evaluation
document dk
interaction capabilities
generative theory
document matrices
np vb
memory consumed
two vocabularies
syntactic repetition
various information
sentences instead
test texts
given string
constituting words
basic symbols
filter banks
superficial information
shift one
tile middle
experimental system
pattern directed
single frame
two interacting
constrained context
power series
multilingual processing
constituent insertion
organisation names
hierarchy including
transition network
similarity may
model human
formula 3
crucial issues
mois suivant
annotated speech
repetitive jamming
categorial features
systems aim
return key
linguistic relation
requires user
head number
successful processing
hidden block
direct quotations
computation function
thc input
corpus examples
dag representation
dependent lexicon
principal patterns
cases would
different communicative
variant names
evaluate text
various alternatives
present conclusions
every program
specific genre
main differences
le gouverneur
son names
subject areas
estimated accuracy
particular segments
measuring task
trained word
paper thus
input based
using lists
text describing
subsequent turns
prior beliefs
complexity bound
travel agent
verb readings
problems requiring
meaningful terms
un contexte
occurring verbs
fewest number
return date
every daughter
time string
forms would
criterion proposed
sentence retriever
weights using
match structures
corpus indicate
transition densities
normal word
phrase du
non compositional
lapel microphones
morphological errors
combination provides
conceptual expansion
main difficulty
john tried
currently covers
symbol 0
added words
concluding comments
sentence k
future tasks
bayesian statistics
grounding tags
score also
points worth
receive less
pollen levels
linear framework
12 test
second number
attributes extracted
chosen following
tutorial systems
scheme enables
nlpwin parser
perform clustering
le vocabulaire
system together
processed words
lie outside
conceptual structuring
statistics presented
correct unification
next round
actual relation
user usually
another corpus
appropriate choice
one know
spatial cohesion
point improvement
problem include
algorithm already
resulting transducers
progressive state
possible pronunciation
elaborate set
transliteration process
remaining patterns
error words
target slots
previous alignment
filter item
submitted results
symbols per
queen measure
set contains
fictional world
different concept
case systems
memory searching
mt would
james martin
total edit
two mt
following structures
documents produced
sister adjunction
textual samples
nous donnons
another approach
face conversational
supervised word
treat one
entry lists
factors make
meet semi
associate professor
another state
another site
entries arc
relative interpretation
alshawi et
modeling requires
implicit case
every discourse
10k words
distribution patterns
correlate positively
input term
graphical representations
considered context
presupposed material
agent believe
identify pairs
work mentioned
results summarized
hesitation phenomena
perfect pos
building spoken
configurational relations
score across
one difference
measurement takes
twelve months
binot 1987
short example
largest n
salient discourse
involving relational
training efficiency
including prepositions
les phonemes
easy maintenance
full grammars
control tower
avm task
binding list
every variable
graph grammar
spatial metaphors
cedex 9
achieve results
srihari et
taller people
file following
herbrand model
font changes
newspaper language
recognition capability
bernoulli model
offers several
model component
useful types
promising step
interaction patterns
user choose
bleu measure
limited improvement
exhaustively generate
contract drilling
sem predicate
dependency subgraphs
research abstracts
algorithms work
every complete
transfer relation
marker lexicalization
di roma
model sentences
point crossover
2000 data
type requirements
tile answer
common modifiers
sample strings
constraints defining
systems aiming
unregistered words
relative path
useful techniques
self believe
following actions
parsing module
earlier muc
two pieces
add elem
different expectations
accurately describes
performing joint
many question
like something
reduction must
redwoods treebank
basis sentences
a5 a187
predominant one
second perspective
seen word
des variables
formal methods
bank wall
standard bow
tim form
different influence
likelihood framework
local disjunctions
correcting crf
news service
distinct roots
model mentioned
definite component
dramatic decrease
incorrect extractions
entity satisfying
sentence generator
previous query
nil text
small effects
dialog stack
text zoning
general information
tant qu
create domain
computational requirement
5 lists
annotations refer
sense baseline
current message
cdc 3600
wsj collection
time behaviour
major noun
restriction r
english candidates
checker would
foreign edges
evaluation performed
material b
reference forms
makes word
speech normalization
procedural restrictions
models lack
edges labelled
results mentioned
generic algorithm
overlapping features
intonational variation
complex applications
sentence entropy
prototype hmm
modeling context
source documents
human judgment
obvious practical
semantic parser
initial preference
file consists
estimation approach
block extension
column presents
free modifications
boundary detector
der beamte
increasing points
dependencies found
dialogue exchange
systematic treatment
implicit argument
helping verbs
description see
smt models
based information
necessarily result
ltag semantics
world described
cbr module
cannot establish
improves f
higher priority
single pair
de travail
interrogative mood
addressing scheme
script forms
current match
tagging output
efficiency measure
synsem feature
contextual hypothesis
language resource
final combination
hidden markov
concept class
perform binary
ascent recognizer
general work
special mark
problem provides
previous error
grammar including
interactive information
phenomena may
inherent limitations
rule 15
become longer
ontological mediator
two sister
room available
structured models
complicated example
retrieval approaches
medical knowledge
topical classifier
maxent system
terminology research
different ranking
unimportant words
frame ellipsis
several proposals
preceding discourse
benchmark corpora
larger domains
word type
compositional frames
based alternatives
locative information
current subtask
iteration 0
application requires
left front
pattern description
subject code
eventuality variables
root left
framework called
positive restrictor
descriptions refer
english index
copier repair
complicated model
reliable disambiguation
generative probabilistic
using pcfg
adjunct distinction
l denotes
states differ
ventur e
orange warehouse
case stacks
r rule
corpora collected
initial assumption
word since
uniform encoding
violate constraints
transformation consists
null act
representation given
clear improvement
strong tendency
voting system
speech techniques
24 articles
certain frequency
coordinated vps
model estimates
reliable part
segmentation accuracies
explores two
glue language
scope node
space complexities
dress code
potato head
1 source
basque wordnet
causes problems
simplified examples
overall grammar
pleasant aspects
tl word
verb accendere
beginning position
following requirement
sentential fragments
result 3
trace detection
formal mathematical
moby lexicon
extended grammar
closed wrt
incomplete partial
filling rules
wer hat
reference utterance
surface semantics
variable arguments
two vps
recency vector
mt sysl
duration values
learning technology
one imagines
statistical algorithm
adaptation paradigm
data remains
local parsing
grant daah04
nouns usually
text 3
discriminative log
many suggestions
windowing technique
emotional state
language computation
final formula
tagged tokens
compressed sentence
virtual character
corresponding verbal
strict measure
vander linden
individual model
underlying idea
different functionalities
smoothing technique
full spectrum
deletion process
linguists also
cercone non
tense annotation
one limitation
special tests
linguistics towards
vocabulary list
different wordnet
example z
speech unit
systems often
sufficient space
following pointers
conversational settings
construct new
mandarin audio
er time
rather focus
information providing
find tile
information covering
two passes
resolution principle
composition mode
one degree
object equi
introduces new
english normss
operation may
reduced set
kappa b
advanced reasoning
la manipulation
relevant characteristics
different relevance
patterns could
disambiguating region
cesta evaluation
linguistic models
removes one
null gle
group computation
use hmms
build sentence
plus complexe
give h
main lexicon
corpora tagged
crossing bracket
application context
proposal made
occur primarily
john justeson
translation approaches
pcfg parsing
relations provided
elementary textual
stylistic considerations
contro l
involves learning
verbal inflection
recursive syntactic
considerable efforts
abstract sentence
node dominating
parsing remains
different arguments
without domain
binary matrix
corresponding np
multiple non
proposed standard
biterm language
textual analysis
horacek 2004
levin 1977
trained model
estimated cluster
aposteriori probability
close interaction
idea would
also investigate
resource community
xpath expressions
respective texts
little girl
dgile dictionary
predicates derived
consonant letters
word affects
simple decomposable
action graph
communicative efficiency
first implementation
ask follow
joh n
fimction words
deictic component
classifier yields
la machine
named entity
labs system
methods might
current iteration
every statement
direct connection
two domain
algorithm ys
source structure
preliminary evidence
tree shaped
feature group
compositional frame
interactions occur
stress contour
expressions listed
lingo grammar
syntactic realizations
result supports
parameter choices
set retrieved
grey boxes
coherence principles
processin g
level feature
database access
extends naturally
scored hypothesis
des types
dialogue example
lexique de
ce l
person singular
cart tree
wrath grace
disjunctive formulae
head 2
part presents
arma model
40k words
unrestricted use
real entities
matches every
references cited
interval scale
phrases cannot
verb classi
des techniques
appropriate parameters
promising idea
phrase alignment
tv operations
important ramifications
verbal entries
rules yield
standard precision
candidate links
cohesion function
deterministic fst
perplexity 60
new verbs
millions words
d6part de
referential value
formal approaches
stick together
representation corresponding
speaker identity
corpus performs
alignment decoding
training sentence
better techniques
computational tasks
likelihood training
structural rule
tasks simultaneously
actor secundario
gives information
multiple stages
also creates
chinese speaker
sublanguage domains
reported performances
derived context
plan parsing
written c
less errors
tile recognition
generalizes across
analogical proportions
edge spans
compositional account
conjunctio n
precision obtained
longer context
automatic selection
supervised model
flexible manner
manual editing
root labelled
mining approach
discussion would
2 remains
one propositional
node corresponding
answers directly
practical systems
methods utilize
understanding system
ir effectiveness
description might
learned policy
branching structures
testing corpora
task becomes
performance claims
using dan
lexical preferences
darpa resource
dans ce
x conj
optimization strategy
3 dimensions
anaphoric ambiguity
gram output
surrounding world
automatic semantic
incoming information
length 12
way cross
input texts
three key
corresponding tags
different tiers
machine perception
interlingua representation
sentence planners
clauses 4
mentioned principles
john hired
transfer models
english multiword
semantic represent
separate word
selection mechanism
matthew crocker
framework f
theories propose
match tasks
special meanings
structure size
based mle
paper presents
goal category
push transition
extraction include
cannot possibly
baseline policy
allow default
delta cepstral
feature field
formula c
9 summarizes
poster sessions
rules always
indices may
occurs multiple
left siblings
training learning
maximize likelihood
bits construction
analyse words
sample evaluation
second transformation
called incremental
system interacts
technology improves
purpose taxonomy
one prominent
hidden nodes
irrelevant constraints
dominance methods
face conversation
stage ii
retrieval software
movie titles
sibling set
field bootstrapping
rules assigned
uncertain area
theoretic grammar
locational entities
phrase query
assembly system
single ordering
genitive attribute
dynamic loading
fixed feature
domain restrictions
plausible explanations
working session
act parser
role knowledge
abstract known
domination link
improvement relative
based output
underspecified representations
three filters
standard subject
fair test
deterministic jump
together account
ontology without
official ace
link grammars
default expectations
bell communication
certain subset
english morphology
hmm parameter
focusing features
entropy calculated
define basic
committee selected
following tasks
grammatical resources
sense one
associated lexicon
np e
domains like
set complement
extended senses
l z
disabled people
article boundary
informative antecedent
count within
one analysis
pairs aligned
frequency lexical
pure prolog
infinite attribute
explicit dates
larger units
prominent properties
texts shows
ngo thanh
solution also
generating non
information brought
node ft
maximum frequency
thus tim
rule referred
broadband snr
student actions
simpler rules
1 sentences
used transformation
blue stopper
items containing
scf data
temporal semantics
conflicting defaults
250 nn
verbs governing
sister np
stronger correlation
requires accurate
context space
identifying patterns
bucketing scheme
took advantage
terminology databases
evaluation toolkit
appropriate test
like man
topic information
knowledge provided
adjunction representation
model produces
stem alternants
cant e
type denotes
max slipped
filtered signal
occurring input
unification strategy
reduced brown
many morphemes
directional pps
steps used
word darpa
wrong label
lines 16
constraint projection
comparing distribution
annotations used
extent tolerance
using confidence
speech instead
alignment anchor
scm str
important future
au traitement
accuracy measures
two histories
movement rule
technique offers
labels taken
acceptable solutions
overlap constraints
help finding
maintenance reports
novel way
clearly suggests
missing entries
frame rules
pragmatic resources
base required
without changes
attentional units
words pose
every interaction
grammar transducer
fast match
two dogs
answers ranked
predetermined set
share certain
instances extracted
grammar cases
get updated
speech modalities
single argument
sense stability
original proposals
every evening
analyses per
taxonomic relationship
relative likelihood
noun attachments
initial psm
database directly
manager may
sentences taken
performance improvement
rewrite systems
directional similarity
length smaller
product names
discourse particle
named entit
base entities
sentence refers
things people
unpruned decision
two subsequences
strong correlation
situated perspective
dependent rule
saving time
v end
novel methodology
words directly
inflation galopante
atomic abbreviation
interlingua design
annotation set
final observation
george v
word found
method discovered
estimate e
paper title
per type
en est
recognition mechanisms
two reductions
avec marie
redundant words
problem goes
attention within
every w
reflect certain
con l
systems via
labelled bracket
sharp distinction
body movements
computational efficiency
350 words
computational biology
lexicographic order
one starting
kr system
reasonable range
using underspecification
frame like
nsf awards
involves assigning
sign corresponding
remains high
space map
reverse mt
imperative verbs
major practical
class scores
language strings
summaries contain
system update
tree need
syntagmatic patterns
a22 a10a11a10a11a10
two collocations
correct mistakes
directly contribute
preliminary nature
local planning
v u
unique token
gesture features
mi model
words onto
packed charts
test source
tree takes
repair mechanism
malaya et
edited node
last names
syntactic slots
quantized models
verb toru
considerable controversy
parser along
moins un
electronic encyclopedia
communicative acts
trigram probabilities
defined points
gradient iterations
certain instances
generation dictionary
particular group
linear sequence
one ontology
generation tree
nearest word
flexible form
daughter sequences
supplementary words
also play
four hours
mood rules
boundaries would
26 features
scott 1998
anaphoric referent
session lasted
communicative setting
participant roles
dislocation values
evaluating summarization
global representation
2000 association
md vb
extraction errors
representation defined
subordinated constituent
tile given
testing procedures
predicative distinction
2 illustrate
path nodes
surprising frequency
probabilistic representation
first assigns
left cell
proof succeeds
template name
tsnlp test
iterative applications
detection phase
several evaluations
split words
process due
domain concept
nouns get
mwe candidates
thematic progression
type things
unsupervised boosting
dual objective
expression without
semantics server
pattern whose
expressed concern
employee number
discourse entities
lingual document
clause rules
msr corpus
system improvement
type questions
gram patterns
working towards
discourse deixis
nlpwin system
network consists
x n
annotation system
theoretical importance
play back
pages 45
average ambiguity
inverted alignment
prepositional structures
basic technique
basic cluster
anticipation feedback
special user
heuristics cannot
type xx
complete algorithm
estimate f
captures different
string mapping
50 word
effort towards
retrieved set
2 p
resolving conflicts
charts show
corpus indicates
il l
one baseline
sincerity conditions
likelihood parses
intervention constraint
review mining
la hack
parameter n
processing performed
total population
argument order
misrecognized words
nd c
action verb
content production
computing tf
similar behaviour
joint system
size vocabulary
domain associated
second template
pattern library
15 minute
darts le
salva veritate
robust sentence
token a46
abstracts could
phrase comes
difficulties arise
precise explanation
retrieve useful
distance within
ssn parser
handling ill
parameters c
words ranked
district attorney
english comparative
extracted loanwords
necessary preprocessing
result c
principle provides
application programmers
sentence c
several works
bigrams using
mention information
algorithm ibi
describe changes
form n
particular field
get involved
categorization techniques
acoustic frames
earlier observation
collaborative agents
clause like
approach helps
single phonetic
une place
procedures arc
values assigned
surface cue
ii errors
phrase category
found ne
extensive analysis
railway information
know ledge
cannot afford
interesting characteristics
network architecture
relative values
neoclassical elements
pure english
tiffs case
sophisticated features
dependent phones
ocr texts
cnf proof
precise location
systems implemented
indicator may
column format
phonetic structure
brackets rate
pro subject
personal data
c 5
extraction beyond
path detecting
separate model
terminated node
matching structures
input model
larger phrase
e vt
biomedical concepts
equation 3
language parser
conditions de
functions g
see shieber
lines per
rain tomorrow
protocol generation
sentence use
ambiguous sentence
order k
fourth element
selection routine
research indicates
single lexicon
parametric constraints
jacobs 1985
paragraph extraction
distortion probabilities
assign numbers
substantial fragment
verb 2
score returned
tagged corpus
tabular data
ones found
informal overview
parentheses show
including phrases
new population
simple default
tetreault et
specific area
chinese restaurant
receive low
acceptable inputs
noun ambiguities
event condition
contains 30
connected subgraph
perfect system
association relation
entry requires
overall agreement
teaching cs360
example 7
syntactic distinctions
disputed papers
default choice
algorithms fail
kernel parameters
100 hz
lower similarity
verb ka
languages exhibiting
ir research
critiquing system
authoring system
learn phrases
similarity functions
chunk pairs
corpus chosen
different angle
resulting resource
module applies
pitch information
cr framework
english names
several iterations
functional point
identification act
based representations
le corpus
goals behind
recursive generation
api calls
arc labeled
control shifts
optimal assignment
lexicon produced
deictic nps
search accuracy
character 1
baseline tagger
input indices
combining evidence
global thresholding
field indicating
catalog number
eurowordnet project
corresponding slot
spelled word
rule ensures
form constituents
discriminative reranker
internal morphological
protocol formulation
human communication
method consists
words including
data characteristics
indexed language
focus primarily
cannot assign
choice form
two sentence
antecedent found
two acts
mary came
valuable feature
chart entry
criteria used
proposed tos
tile interval
la solution
project meaning
loves everyone
attitude towards
predicate lexical
model creation
correct antecedents
even contain
ellison 1994
contiguous segments
linguistic abstractions
examples involve
description based
noun interpretation
million instances
integral values
referent already
three quarters
entities created
ungrammatical structures
lsa methodology
current implementation
two phonemes
thus sentences
indicator nouns
complete languages
toy blocks
e overall
verb knowledge
schulte im
another finding
chinese number
labeling systems
ellipsis site
database facts
annotator marked
sentence prefixes
option space
new characterization
corresponding action
information specific
sentence allows
show precision
2000 nouns
6 mb
third person
black nodes
little point
generate concepts
event expression
discourse pattern
full formal
text involves
dictionary cannot
process computes
visual domain
performance according
powerful ideas
computational sentence
main rule
templates would
movement non
tire basis
perceptual processes
normalization component
correct use
modus tollens
correctness proof
new input
check must
sentential structure
possible structures
nuclear node
different test
orientation bigrams
correction time
computational setting
boyan onyshkevych
second operation
best text
forward transformations
establish links
based vs
last stage
sample system
define constraints
unigram language
automatic alignments
rounds 1986
old results
tipster meeting
null ning
central search
reference density
sentence 10
restriction violations
proposed theory
c5 tag
preliminary observations
additional functionalities
nominal complement
dialog turns
one wonders
paper proposes
individual morphemes
avoid overtraining
result demonstrates
allows information
syntactic divergence
modeling information
banchs et
complex formula
single stem
alone achieves
free formalism
using coarse
exit points
long chain
like documents
par le
tagger treetagger
methodology outlined
systematic nature
alpha workstation
derived constituent
entities contained
cognitive component
sussna 93
target condition
systems demonstrated
lingual parallel
language evaluation
incoherent text
route planning
salient attributes
additional relevance
graded unification
previous analyses
ambiguous interpretations
choice trees
active learner
station de
first becomes
cognitive economy
woman blamed
ones generated
higher similarity
possible actions
link analysis
task generally
verbs denote
original annotations
sous forme
produce unique
schemes described
previous researches
state devices
barzilay et
additional arguments
29 nouns
maxent approaches
models 1
potential points
substantial words
longest span
better performing
katja markert
language tends
coherent blocks
national news
entire space
fact whether
da tag
average complexity
lower panel
general signal
relevance filter
time marker
even hundreds
tagged files
jacques robin
cohesion values
pl nom
linguistic choices
expressions might
type also
atomic wffs
rule contexts
personal attitudes
english units
general sort
frame elements
accept strings
deictic center
coordination information
combine evidence
space even
anaphoric elements
direct relationship
hierarchical cluster
former president
state processing
given synset
precedence relationship
overall average
subcategorization cues
class specifications
order 3
purpose nlp
single linguistic
useful representation
increases dramatically
also act
structure tree
straightforward interpretation
extract automatically
structure specified
ceci est
multisyllabic words
possible sentential
theory approach
generate possible
compares two
following method
lexicon compiler
based dialogues
hour training
structures include
user given
top type
ghost derivation
al qaeda
considerable help
update parameters
implied relations
specific documents
string slot
note th
separate question
useful mechanism
technology components
text writers
eithe r
involve adding
particular fields
input question
select constituents
correlation measures
vary greatly
edges without
relation nodes
context leads
misspelling identifier
lemma 9
subsequent actions
procedure tends
cannot detect
given place
used f
predicted parse
eat mainly
evaluate semantic
lexical valence
document preparation
basic items
later use
target expression
hypertext link
building patterns
phrases usually
general string
probability cp
command verb
system imposes
traditional technique
right tag
basic morphological
manual transcripts
following learning
sensitive method
text annotations
parse space
frame annotation
contains 13
anaphoric annotation
acoustics given
mean rank
postposition wa
overall view
space structure
routine tasks
constituent path
virtual characters
personalised smoking
effective parsing
sample words
arrival airport
time 2
new np
candidate synset
third training
context could
work used
dialogue felicity
interpretation schemata
preceding class
hard matching
green rug
recognition module
last phrase
linguistic subjects
polysemy problems
particular paradigm
algorithms differ
mainframe computer
candidate 2
obtained models
difficult problems
core problem
rule tn
trees must
two ratios
aberdeen et
modifier attachment
nouns via
word atom
level indicates
methodology developed
following keywords
associated rule
either sentence
induced semantics
000 hours
wednesday 2
learning program
contains 11
words remained
prioritization scheme
relevant objects
cow disease
basic point
assist users
arises whether
halle 1968
whose domain
ocr model
good decor
confusable disambiguation
atlas planning
grammatical text
base context
given knowledge
unbalanced class
class e
critical evaluation
coverage asked
special tools
64k words
priority ordering
largest city
treat certain
right restriction
pattern variable
four versions
amharic language
decoded tree
missing propositions
hyphenated compounds
different portions
like structure
way towards
severe limitations
information helps
model used
rule el
result appears
place adverbials
sentence appears
predefined number
term frequency
clause elements
various readings
conjugated verbs
theoretical treatment
relations modelled
seventh message
forward translation
generic grammars
precision improves
typing constraints
phrase although
unicode format
bound variable
1 pairs
empirically validate
one reduces
seeking dialog
assumptions behind
ordre partiel
local mctag
israel 1981
descriptive linguistic
lemma sequence
objects relative
20801 training
different coreference
extensive experience
algorithms suffer
results used
times may
crucial question
composite tag
tree editor
system focuses
gemini uses
john eat
factive verb
one woman
four algorithms
atomic ones
suitable representations
propose techniques
digital archiving
ir collections
parent annotation
name since
daughter feature
significant classes
time knowledge
taking precedence
seulement si
product replacement
complete traversal
chunks whose
van lehn
reference processing
various substructures
pk training
ntt communication
citing statements
content categories
xerox finite
def2 x
two answer
best metrics
derived information
uses phrase
search technique
description de
external world
lexical smoothing
imposes semantic
definite plural
force us
serious flaw
goals related
hungarian texts
english reading
markowitz et
functional type
noun list
certain abstract
oa node
whose participants
following interpretations
falling intonation
darpa evaluation
discourse relationships
honorific words
organization noun
involved words
dialog memories
algorithm halts
test vector
prepositional particles
cv tape
scores represent
technical users
whole vp
upper index
text preprocessing
problem confronting
project tc
af tools
properties associated
ahnost always
unit might
automatic building
improved translations
graph containing
sentence composed
le contexte
tenseless verb
agents adopt
general behaviour
syntactic disjoint
e fi
channel tunnel
use anaphora
sequence represents
past participle
see granger
optimisation problems
avoid getting
index entry
communication channels
trueswell et
solving rules
natural lan
shifting property
disfluent input
experiments used
l ni
specific structure
based searches
category without
discourse context
service department
coherent sentence
machine learned
subject relations
russian texts
independent samples
bad mood
say everything
mildly context
differences come
rte challenge
false hits
la conjecture
broadcast data
occurrences throughout
screen real
fact provide
letter bigram
statistical calculation
performance profile
stsg tree
everyone else
statistical grammars
focusing subjunct
principles proposed
similar number
length requirement
critical value
word nouns
sense classifier
close contact
fast implementation
brigham young
output tree
resulting strings
tnput tree
de hele
mental states
two nonterminals
therefore represent
exploring ways
dictionary automata
scheme similar
net sense
text regions
one cycle
constructs used
longer compound
salient syntactic
parseval metric
protolanguage descriptions
jemah system
regular alignment
structured n
use 90
phrase heads
system testing
data resulting
new tool
horatio smith
computers cannot
active algorithm
relationship may
direct relation
domain detection
tipster tests
many document
strategy seems
target alignment
effort went
subset approximation
language processor
chart methods
data configuration
precedence relation
permissible word
time dynamic
standard summary
items 8
sequence e
passage extraction
brief presentation
everybody knows
papers published
described eventuality
syntactic fsn
weights proportional
allows partial
incoming signal
model obtains
outline future
hongyan jing
un niveau
important key
e built
english phrase
conditional meaning
initial parts
partial output
every strategy
structure sharing
query could
weighted towards
checking procedure
select six
experimental factors
actions using
speech synthesizers
provides flexibility
law drafting
thus produces
memory component
120 words
optional reduction
findings suggest
tree annotation
phrase analyses
null pairs
better representation
higher education
alarm sounded
trump parser
verb ratio
der sloot
theory uses
faq file
sentential pronouns
high scores
na constraints
human genes
see sentences
objects may
conditions similar
restricted notion
constructed tree
universal parser
object combination
multiple sub
difficult cases
minimal context
conflicting constraints
tree anchored
arbitrary constant
remarkable difference
ohsumed corpus
fred karlsson
appropriate search
alain polgu
number could
verbs simply
threshold results
sicstus prolog
characters must
bilexical grammar
previous discussions
left unaddressed
modified text
statistical difference
standard speaker
whose production
allows x
annotation levels
many di
formula contains
paper takes
combinations thereof
analysis processes
comparator set
interrupted word
rst time
word equivalent
caus feature
baseline based
regression tree
obvious effect
revision wizard
possible theories
error cases
new predictions
frame instantiations
syntactic layer
dative rule
tenth sentence
various orders
particular base
selected languages
recognized names
tense generation
identified topic
observed speech
est parti
language set
word eat
overall design
path language
true state
issues concerning
interrogative category
free indexing
flight numbers
robust recognition
sr rule
restriction grammar
ones first
webber 1991
offers better
p lscriptsrl
initial phone
required computation
constituent list
primary unit
algorithm guarantees
important sources
preprocessing scheme
different derivation
fitness evaluation
task simpler
e conversion
linear equation
frequency adverbial
transformational theory
incorporates many
surface realiser
main stages
target query
situation corresponds
framework predicts
surface symbols
value constraints
nonbranching dominance
denotes whether
graded measure
gb framework
state within
another act
fact one
concatenative synthesis
pl may
revision component
less coverage
np projection
level concepts
feature disjunction
reader model
structure tag
la reconnaissance
extra structure
lp value
family tree
outperforms previous
special remarks
per student
observational evidence
reduce feature
classifier consists
lattice approach
returns one
proving simple
first requirement
unknown terms
language fragment
hurts precision
independent heuristics
exceptional cases
36 word
current subdialog
produce outputs
caderige project
motivated constraints
composition operation
statistical indexing
1 proc
corpora obtained
new rules
including sentences
precision grammars
represent subcategorization
automatic generalization
function changing
relations predicted
oriented way
phase produces
explicit relationships
modern form
null however
resulting parser
segment purposes
generate noun
canonical vector
patient communication
picture size
knowledge includes
order theorem
since words
repeated use
sentences require
use relatively
complement would
structure among
twelve years
satellite sets
major characteristics
parent class
order contextual
training parameters
examples appear
lines 7
except insofar
simple distributional
subcategorization specifications
bounded grammars
ou au
classifying sentences
hypertext compilation
complete dialog
language system
describing text
embedding sentence
manager functions
avoid ambiguities
move boundaries
explicit context
dictionary listing
agentive roles
isu dialogue
activities using
une construction
word tbrm
general acoustic
samples containing
oriented methodology
also sentences
effort invested
coreference tag
raising verbs
additional templates
method failed
whether c
ontology databases
shallow morphological
absolute form
passive trace
classifier architecture
en effet
token instances
textual field
decay function
substitution costs
system operations
languages covered
help students
user defined
initial collection
student learning
selected function
singular definite
reason could
based links
maximum potential
usable tools
features produced
many database
directly corresponds
scope relationships
accumulating evidence
equation 10
inflectional behavior
use 0
linguistic constituents
generic components
six senses
interpretations without
group ltd
contextual constraint
fitness value
modules would
free lambek
basic type
mentioned time
dialogic system
model 200
several situations
semantic operator
axe available
group plc
structures built
independent analysis
refer either
ing rules
food stuff
two positions
flexible approach
resolution accuracy
conceptually simpler
right pass
total complexity
system designer
ink meaning
rule concerning
test measures
full generality
generating sub
wan et
level possible
intended part
software design
na constraint
atomic entity
coreference among
rules associated
via spoken
incorporate selectional
feature plays
buch gegeben
word independently
null edge
new referent
convex function
minimum cost
b respectively
metaphorical word
representing coherence
next context
locative variant
nodes using
result shown
negation particles
initial presentation
sentence shown
little data
human efforts
errors caused
like pronouns
free components
4 format
machine interactions
topmost channel
di fabbrizio
lexical sample
another source
recursive application
four occurrences
oo oo
reference within
ten pairs
ascii string
official test
atomic categories
multiple inheritance
noise threshold
reliable corpus
distinctions made
chinese mwes
mixture method
latest developments
heuristics employed
intelligent behavior
metrix 2
containing errors
unique string
weak verb
question sentences
lambda terms
unigram models
constituent likelihood
combinatorial dictionary
fkz itw
collection consists
accommodate various
linguistic salience
omitted information
domain test
concatenation costs
among data
visual entity
information flowing
tuples representing
one group
grammatical relationship
bien que
syntactic condition
terminal tag
useful index
macro structures
entries including
learning frameworks
probability segmentation
coherent answer
mit lincoln
reduce perplexity
recognizer hypotheses
reliable approach
tags depending
many parallel
valid vpcs
every conjunct
brief sketch
take values
tables must
seed term
multiple applications
alphabet letters
clause ep
syntactic variability
200 mhz
conventional database
becomes highly
hearer assumes
extraction problem
bnc coefficient
np complement
communicative situation
solution presented
ir scores
level hierarchy
edge formed
computational counterpart
bus information
missing axioms
expected duration
fuzzy grammar
annotate syntactic
statistical components
release 1
experiment proved
semantic sequences
simpler syntactic
order reflects
syntactic network
better distinguish
structure matrices
time operation
ebmt engines
integrity constraints
usual translation
human data
categories appear
possessed entity
effective algorithm
module converts
entity indexing
name queries
sentences express
language words
claim would
modern nlp
briefly describes
insights gained
le canada
spine graph
tation de
relations correspond
peter f
case text
financial times
make available
score could
grammatical data
across word
example consists
default table
initiative indices
rule specifying
express scope
manual adaptation
terminal vocabulary
output tag
process explanation
deduction methods
adjective concepts
association procedure
forms without
handling tasks
specific response
rank according
result contains
scale experiment
sentence contains
n na
sequential transducer
universal value
singular index
task setting
semantic approaches
section examines
bilingual translation
techniques exist
one aggregate
alignment using
5 cents
john major
linguistic hypothesis
charniak 1983
rule types
system turns
broader perspective
similar performances
default multiple
low atmospheric
previous definition
historical events
scale corpora
following recognition
4 np
kanji sequence
index methods
preliminary algorithm
stress systems
indicator functions
account different
pattern w
syntactical relations
first tasks
modest size
tagger makes
acceptability rate
buyukkokten et
relations reflect
rule weights
understanding problems
partial representations
knowledge shared
parse could
distinguished leaf
syntactic expression
sentence level
italian morphology
hand end
constructive process
jean marche
predefined knowledge
grammar modules
bp network
solution requires
method resembles
internal reference
examples indicate
adjusted level
march 1983
reasonable word
textual cohesion
several lines
younger brother
zero count
mention string
reflexive pronouns
formal logic
position independent
space delimited
dual cache
value determined
first semester
task learning
defining feature
past forms
practical reasons
output vocabulary
dependencies due
spot sentence
rhetorical circumstances
improved grammaticality
sense meanings
two stress
nonlocal feature
concepts appear
st task
description model
march 1985
space technology
containing h
constraint z
definition pilot
organization module
free analysis
correct prefix
introduction recently
relative ordering
entailment patterns
syntax learning
data objects
tree covering
corpora marked
growth curves
briefly mentions
relative differences
acoustic phonetic
log file
collins cobuild
web provides
contains data
flexibility needed
methods considered
estimates using
complete grammars
sentential constructions
smaller tree
arabic language
single empty
professional speakers
graphemes within
abstract verb
given tile
local cache
last version
distance threshold
becomes negligible
domain general
bounded degree
higher weights
real information
languages encode
general tfs
relabeling strategies
value along
job market
immediate parent
r holds
conduct two
every specific
equivalence test
one aspect
la mise
grams occurring
human reference
ambiguous situation
synonym questions
former sentence
provide relevance
natural hierarchy
na cantiga
expressions must
incoming links
initial hierarchy
subordinating relations
theta roles
journal news
quantitative assessment
choose b
paraphrase relationships
19 seconds
test document
resulting value
clusters according
technique known
kasahara et
rst mention
roughly ten
nondefault value
test session
class person
matching sentence
maximal entropy
denotes one
new movie
tagger might
expression generator
control strategy
statistical analysis
si recognition
pronoun interpretation
content chunk
make information
decision criteria
reference book
summary generation
morphology algorithm
classifications given
airline guide
documents available
phonetic events
document pool
closely correspond
modelling decisions
certain beliefs
ambiguity occurs
english proper
local grammars
large k
onto seed
syntactic propagation
similar knowledge
approach adopted
initial coding
propositions may
different complexities
synchronous binarization
fa structure
summarization evaluation
structural sub
different actors
weir 1988
level programming
consider fig
entity components
better candidates
idioms could
operational semantics
one sees
learned word
synthesized attributes
par phrase
position corresponding
relations participating
input distribution
step provides
semantic lexicons
ner precision
multiple research
dynamic map
dependency attribute
speech disambiguation
every sample
john paul
freund et
valid rhetorical
base available
layer may
john persuaded
correct level
class ac
punctuation rules
subject relatives
links according
cue usages
speech signals
system wil
via adjectives
entire constituent
major effect
interpretation mechanism
module communication
considered string
common measure
utterance u
canonical center
another component
whose categories
server receives
discourse constituent
sentences axe
stw output
model captures
baseline word
speech part
helping users
values associated
test experiments
punctual events
restrictor set
speaker asks
rhetorical schema
underived nouns
task 5
zhong wen
used timbl
traditional asr
optimal grammar
pronoun function
k closest
overall disambiguation
means selecting
compositional rule
advisement domain
500 documents
relation data
x inc
source program
cutoff thresholds
processing machinery
new line
studi di
synthesize speech
gave mary
aligned chunks
texts compared
one classifier
predicate move
distribution p
ex 1
algorithms provided
arabic numbers
three tag
involve information
legal system
longest descriptor
people typically
right parent
document breaks
social status
robert amsler
five dimensions
rule selects
000 states
syllable position
whose answers
reference length
ungrammatical sentence
anaphoric resolution
n occurs
without semantics
bias information
senses map
successive approximations
doubtful cases
opinion pool
temporary lexicon
every topic
general perspective
great need
puts forward
verification system
2 objects
cooperative answer
dependency types
shifted towards
predefined template
partial dialogues
type inherits
treebank sections
r die
intrinsic features
selection stage
traditional type
head dependence
case since
linguists could
l requires
relations include
relation combinations
contact details
list feature
stack items
list examples
explicit request
impossible combinations
several individuals
britain reopened
physical interactions
consonant c
syntactic alignment
pragmatic relation
key man
independence assumption
context trie
systemic generation
unordered tree
using mle
several people
boundary determination
phrase persuade
agreement constraint
universal set
differential weighting
shallow type
big5 encoding
proof presentation
classifier learned
either end
mereological references
rule schemata
tout en
complement rule
repair shop
market share
minor additions
classification given
appropriate usage
subtrees mined
encarta domain
vowel sequence
training vectors
danlos 85
formalism would
relative increase
formal concepts
one builds
true collocation
regression matrices
techniques rely
retrieve goals
second section
phrasal parser
system able
lp words
word name
answers based
key result
show much
last term
level noun
al information
also correlate
framenet annotation
implicit subject
hypothesis spaces
two lp
one easy
case postpositional
figure 13
response strategy
human generated
english version
possible method
present users
presupposition may
distinguished labels
relevant attribute
bilingual list
methods relying
focus concept
paragraph boundaries
using output
lange et
subject term
relations overall
nine percent
structure parsing
string fj1
unary chains
mr parse
candidate pronunciations
nineteen eighty
methods trained
decisions di
ntt data
lexical root
logical transformations
attribute records
line dialogue
b ut
matched constituent
functional testing
propositional symbol
cause major
adjacent subtrees
different fragments
document indexing
argument corresponds
hahn et
unit must
category membership
larger texts
type pattern
languages according
phonetic hidden
independent plu
denote semantic
gibson et
cat chased
new annotation
foth et
easy comparison
room number
keywords per
serve quite
test used
best models
clause segmentation
assign low
agent communication
values drawn
following situation
text situations
mantic features
phrase f
five items
token occurs
aussi l
identification predicate
syntactic query
machine aided
relation found
beijing univ
dependent sub
parser assumes
dependency lattice
sentence causes
directed graph
distance measurements
quality assurance
logic expressions
e problem
reported errors
concept symbol
practical text
phrase definition
evaluation order
reading skill
rights record
engine allows
participatory design
nuclearity principle
reduced phrase
significant correlations
vp must
constant theme
made thesaurus
nlm index
sense 1
syntactical characteristic
state views
strong assumptions
parameters l
relevant types
legal words
possible keywords
resulting set
using x
new initiative
two strokes
common mistakes
ann model
lf language
work develops
modified queries
pronoun referents
extracting names
english based
one year
verb lex
categorial information
critical role
degenerate algorithms
performance reported
internal testing
menlo park
000 occurrences
one mark
original interpretation
unified representation
merge information
chomskyan sense
reasonable model
specifications associated
insertion operation
corner transformed
specific constructions
evaluation involves
best selection
database collection
phoneme conversion
five point
use surface
obtain results
lingual speech
tree probability
3 nouns
expressive potential
untagged examples
current president
following excerpt
metonymic construction
new users
first expectation
final complement
automatic syllabification
spelling errors
3 simple
system networks
1 em
discourse information
task often
similar statistical
elaboration relations
information determined
model d1
right verbal
following graph
contains 500
incomplete knowledge
de fa
score cutoff
stopping criterion
three matrices
satisfaction process
casual reader
center around
map indicates
group localisations
translation modules
organization suffix
missing premise
generation algorithm
scoring information
carbon tetraoxyde
identified constraints
original path
phrase includes
parallel chinese
language access
term occurs
1 message
large measure
one pre
young lucy
corresponding baseline
system executes
ke tsu
words serve
various knowledge
communicator dialogues
results seen
semantic overlap
static set
verb vt
average probability
pietra class
repair stage
following parameters
c5 tags
figure 20
dialogue move
agents construct
rules actually
summarisation process
automatic grapheme
techniques applied
brief example
seem less
key area
ribas 1995
move tree
template method
variables would
sentence complement
tion operations
subject must
phrases given
object e
order etc
college students
entry x
thanks goes
bit better
information along
processing capacity
truth conditional
prototypical patterns
attached procedure
priority rule
automated information
taking place
see klein
helpful discussions
language levels
temporal locations
charniak parser
annotation policy
fragmentary utterance
four months
matrix domain
resulting system
024 verbs
case data
english term
overestimation bias
object follows
full paradigm
text interpretation
analysis usually
elements called
positive documents
hendrix 1977
geographical location
times n
attach next
information gathering
front pages
topical content
language ps
specified relations
domaine de
knowa algorithm
speech tagset
features co
transcription systems
multiple databases
16 reference
component methods
document components
including predicate
context patterns
experience indicates
phrases correctly
identify cognates
reference transcriptions
death toll
contains less
recall rules
minimal information
unimportant parts
time register
path may
semantic feature
structure satisfying
sentence translation
language operator
de telegraaf
spontaneous nature
system assigns
j means
pietra et
derived string
improves coverage
distinct hypotheses
shape token
iff f
necessary details
mary would
query x
online tool
cannot automatically
smaller vocabulary
like events
driven derivation
program committee
class l
longer string
tree t1
monolingual users
many violations
dimensionality reduction
intelligence literature
essential properties
sublanguage texts
referent graph
undirected graph
syntactic variations
universal words
meeting scheduling
predicted sense
based scm
syntactic noise
distribution characteristics
topic number
typical verbs
rest models
identity transducer
adjective noun
always respond
incorrect sentence
data automatically
inthis paper
training log
completeness theorem
university text
extended tagset
baseline model
recency factor
bit mu
total effort
parser still
karaka chart
lexicalized formalisms
position dependent
process concept
lewin et
network rather
5 x
structural grounds
nonlinear optimization
million times
transducer model
children acquire
writing reports
morphological phenomena
attack designator
conversion tables
retrieved abstracts
st questions
contextual dependency
appropriate resources
similar operation
graph form
level purpose
coherent situation
a0 ri
verbs described
text function
output hypotheses
antecedents may
labeling nodes
used h
every root
prior discourse
technological progress
lemon et
transitional probabilities
factotum domain
category k
000 case
current theories
head switching
selective utterance
2 minutes
utterance test
portion tns
tentative conclusions
purely data
human expertise
null according
benchmark tasks
end user
distinguishes four
warren 1980
hour per
shuttle discovery
grammars obey
corpus remains
arbitrary program
a26 a4
different accounts
different area
semantic factors
2 contingency
apparent difficulty
2 tn
g1 check
expression refers
gave john
right tags
required value
whose similarities
grammar example
books written
dialogue moves
context representations
000 headwords
cannot plan
short contexts
relations beyond
spoke evaluation
classical information
alternative similarity
new class
entirely data
build systems
hwa et
retrieval mechanisms
current tasks
little help
un document
process associated
western origin
inference step
important property
feature inheritance
constraints follow
tagger based
set g
typically report
specific events
language related
end 1
phrase prediction
noun pair
narration relation
personal name
forward score
arguments supplied
best target
input document
scale factor
answer free
cost path
length 5
b values
space whose
thus avoid
unknown word
knowledge provides
invaluable help
unique number
operator could
glosary g
reference rewriting
true significance
gesture could
phrases corresponding
text displayed
definite expressions
misconception object
initial event
root nonterminal
btec task
jones 1996
application developed
plan components
unlabeled f
g information
l ca
resulting words
request translation
enumerates r
n processing
objects n
explicit information
1983 jaime
empty candidate
sources needed
1 iteration
yamamoto et
significant reason
ask two
representation technique
results contain
correct translation
summarization system
language approaches
translation word
variation criteria
german adverb
cost function
states correspond
functional nouns
local analysis
grammars allow
retrieved cases
primary mechanism
william mann
r61e de
document titles
standard transformation
intercoder reliability
research remains
corpus wsj
syntactic functional
model speech
displayed interpretation
first aim
many scenarios
technology group
lexicon learned
intensive tasks
certain places
gerd lau
noun identification
irl rule
element indicates
node cluster
global phrase
afonso et
nlg technologies
multisentential texts
kadokawa ruigo
score decreases
long spans
using svd
consideration given
pale pink
symbol tree
probabilistic phrase
reasonable question
deuter sequences
engineering problems
sequence l
boundaries without
a121 a17
technical difficulties
faithfulness constraints
common use
looks promising
volitional actions
correcting codes
main sub
two switches
based knowledge
larger model
graphic design
utterance uj
alphabetical characters
small margin
partial links
word wall
method chooses
improved accuracy
query formation
alternative contexts
complement slots
left versus
individual speakers
training systems
lexical constraints
sentences makes
segmental features
addressed issues
semantic groupings
dependency strength
order shown
simplest solution
distinction arises
rich structure
averaged parameters
building practical
form constraint
expressive devices
dog breed
ontology allows
cargo boat
human activity
contains semantic
merger problems
word formations
pdt 2
necessary values
intensity features
often correspond
flat rules
initial purpose
mechanism simply
extended form
original list
connectivity score
method rather
increase opportunities
guessing heuristics
prediction suffix
double room
incorrect interpretations
lexical inferences
entire output
descriptive material
predictions using
assign equal
labeled arcs
next token
reconnaissance et
compute h
log les
combination methods
several values
functional equivalent
discourse universe
models describing
transliteration rules
609 sentences
two orientation
business letter
projective structures
oriented templates
association strategy
interpret indirect
words referring
r muc
aotrr 1992
mt research
large storage
extensive tests
28 points
nine words
weighted grammar
identify frequent
features presented
interesting project
expression c
binding rule
new experimental
available resource
polite way
line show
final igs
connections among
specialised terminology
among nouns
a0 p
requires insertion
reverse situation
core phenomena
relation relative
room 2
filter function
trained speakers
package used
considerable variation
prosodic labels
moment please
optimum dependency
tags given
linear regular
restrictions imposed
opinion analysis
domains using
student protest
ainge came
viterbi ts
index keys
classifiers use
meaning preservation
intended reading
potential types
muc algorithm
expressions considered
maximal use
results yet
mfs baseline
disjunction heuristic
de langage
use probabilistic
la donn
simple inclusion
corpora representing
fused documents
tokenizer produces
collocational contexts
p whose
three hypotheses
usability point
object described
efficient structure
level module
unl expressions
tree generation
default result
human nouns
overall pitch
common prefixes
automata theory
client application
adequate representation
formal mechanisms
learning steps
index feature
assignments made
method 4
large archives
result list
parse output
provide robust
global considerations
constraint imposed
w2 2
candidate chinese
shelf software
local ontology
also marks
query representations
case nom
a10a7 a15
nodes 0
template associated
step 6
contextual substitution
formal noun
empty production
null cate
parse efficiently
answering definition
university graduate
basic operations
structure obtained
following verb
50 characters
briefly presents
systems tend
knowledge beyond
correction candidate
segment size
data concerning
dominance hierarchy
agent type
different documents
program guide
system becomes
terminating condition
intention associated
features requires
constituent identification
driving forward
training examl
extended trees
correction subdialogues
bayes net
acyclic problem
defining patterns
quality translations
future systems
underlying rules
existing rscm
english texts
global clustering
une partie
neighbor algorithm
person attempts
filtering scheme
system due
explanation given
produce ranked
synonym lists
consider dependency
n b
general template
extracting phrase
ee grammar
combining function
create good
dutch dictionary
precision subjectivity
incorporates several
james allen
every conceivable
rule sequencing
interesting types
topic marker
language call
negra tree
incorrect answer
higher average
things would
h indicates
correct boundary
2 variables
grammars 1
simple imperative
generative parsing
relation labels
combien de
highest points
engineering programme
appeared calm
either terminals
precision increase
arguments per
towards high
define potential
infinite recursions
syllable string
hypernym candidate
rising pitch
unnecessary details
subjective quality
dialogue contexts
many articles
large c
also claims
probabilistic tagger
discontinuous structures
proper sub
sublanguage model
examples chosen
tied mixtures
cannot exist
associated sub
surface items
subsequence ci
increased use
random partition
another predicate
synset containing
nmtual information
ldoce codes
time stamp
nt label
quantifier exists
ne corpus
feedback set
hypothetical situation
coreference algorithm
source elements
discounting method
k words
action nodes
lexicalized parser
contains nouns
relation may
conventional metaphor
sentential discourse
tional information
accented part
contains simple
principal advantage
television show
data exist
one partner
specifically addresses
versus 5
strong boundary
representation together
using morphs
three papers
christianini et
one user
test corpora
cues like
either verb
language including
segment within
le niveau
procedure call
15 research
6 test
algorithm applies
offer users
abstraction levels
noisy observation
single layer
node together
complex transformations
left words
main applications
strategy consists
5 vs
data specifying
line integration
similarity ranking
une petite
spoken versions
best alignments
lexicon available
les variantes
np v
aer results
using lt
many grammar
form shows
understanding community
construct larger
general discussion
task situation
research discussed
likely consistent
initiative distribution
generation phase
set properties
sense classification
pruned grammar
preference metrics
performance structures
inflected words
review text
whatever order
hundred times
subtopic boundaries
yields slightly
information forms
occur multiple
data types
pronominal clitic
abstraction operator
na na
total probability
fertility 2
semantic acceptability
temporal localization
rule representation
tagged sentences
generalization given
clausal complement
framework also
one microphone
input filter
nlg technology
semantics approach
word always
speech tokens
project phase
systems made
translating named
represent performance
arbitrary complexity
segment distance
monotonic operation
translation example
alternative plan
inheritance rules
practical projects
det subj
processing involves
universal access
exhaustive parse
accuracy compares
lowercase greek
thus captures
event e
projection subgrammars
structures represent
rule mechanism
nr clause
electronic circuit
word assigned
cell response
one disjunction
logistic regression
less space
local lsi
simple attribute
spell therapist
several frames
level specification
legal sequences
viterbi search
repair approach
many time
future development
structured way
prior conversation
challenging aspect
three definitions
two perspectives
einige arzte
2 project
figure 23
conceptual point
formatting procedure
feedback system
generator applies
audio tape
programming project
terms selected
speaker model
sinc e
federal institute
whose solution
official airline
two hand
incompatible agreement
popular press
maximal consistent
rules observed
models 3
bohlin et
occurrence takes
type iv
debugging tool
polysemous nature
key descriptor
unimodal understanding
heart disease
list indicates
comparative marker
dicto readings
high training
previous parses
feature unification
g x
10 year
different tagging
task graph
apparent reason
view presented
makes correct
set descriptions
adjective module
processed word
predicate variables
prolog syntax
difficult word
set sl
verb morpheme
infer semantic
bilingual classes
five data
secondary feature
codebook transformation
node count
robust systems
subset f
majority view
english entries
topic knowledge
wl w2
relational data
representational schema
noise elimination
output obtained
universal operator
phonological classes
performanc e
structure corresponds
hypothesis ht
optimized parameters
web statistics
numbers correspond
language newspaper
possible end
technique guarantees
see mitkov
task parameters
synthesis devices
licensing rule
linear pattern
skill level
al 2002
150 lb
multimodal communication
simple types
even ones
general operation
title method
spoken dutch
zeevat et
whose semantics
another edge
governor tuple
valid set
right action
particle construction
best choices
table represent
constituent ordering
nominal ng
comprehensive user
typical input
flow graphs
several classes
positive response
10k word
ended prompt
denotational semantics
toutanova et
levels without
therefore call
morphological lexicons
quantifier analysis
bewildering variety
many relevant
constituent segments
object raising
soup pot
size pool
restriction placed
mother constituent
problem either
lot less
cinema information
matches among
defining concepts
la liste
distinct tags
audio processing
whose corresponding
lexical sense
linguistic way
vauzeilles tree
two bins
limit point
multiple observation
replace expressions
acquisition success
pos combination
bilingual frame
linguistic dimension
based feedback
use key
conventional speech
assigning labels
measure carbon
errors must
original values
indexing schemes
dos buch
information extraction
retrieval module
every right
automatic reports
include pos
pivot letter
many hundreds
scores appear
remains static
presents experimental
cut across
triple consisting
fan dian
newspaper story
texts even
relation extent
grammaire de
arpa workshop
vector element
np node
three kingdoms
layer n
ss 2
system actions
number attached
2 types
superordinate term
machine summary
level mappings
satoshi sekine
group several
preference relationship
created structures
stage 6
current sentence
basic chunks
like discourse
question treebank
major break
global warming
syllables would
tagalog example
cetempublico corpus
right sisters
little resemblance
nn nn
method proved
way link
new verbalization
technology performance
specific daughter
feature k
10 mai
models consider
programming techniques
regression algorithm
elements currently
backwards pronominalization
linguistic methodology
uses similar
definition using
discrete structure
current setting
frequency senses
chinese rifles
like passivization
raj reddy
essentially means
la possibilit
point already
l information
hill climbing
measures include
concept extraction
case labels
er das
mechanism called
html texts
valency theory
single condition
translations often
free group
obligatory gap
effective indexing
consequences associated
main research
prolog definite
gives clues
low attachment
cross boundaries
patterns 2
parse representations
north stars
rules transforms
interesting exception
cannot rely
failure transition
good discrimination
alep platform
expression appears
sentenc e
requisite beliefs
unix utilities
composite action
r english
way agreement
important restriction
incorrect recognition
also encode
preparation effort
causation questions
following log
models yielded
actual way
generalized lc
program efficiency
given environment
block segmentation
strin g
17 times
lexical governor
surgical procedure
patent office
clstlk microphone
extensive user
leur distribution
single network
calculating probabilities
grammar operators
substitution list
weaker version
increasing mlu
learn separate
morphological suffixes
current learning
semantic trigger
static unigram
research firm
dependency representation
np1 v
cubic kernel
case first
handle structured
information theory
multiple c
development team
three verbal
corpus characteristics
flow problem
extracting terms
arrows point
projection process
device would
first recognition
perform document
many senses
test stories
occurs twice
also brings
mda grammar
syntactic cues
possessive construction
different rows
gough webmt
world entities
geometric objects
potential contribution
combination leads
grade levels
alarms per
a1 loc
term matching
group member
average growth
named locations
ext ext
intentional representation
specific discourse
polymorphic types
segmentation positions
perl scripts
r scores
model ill
also learn
perform quite
syntactic scores
meaning seems
add n
resulting curves
extraction phenomena
true source
referents found
linguistics domain
maximal a23
temporal point
base rate
possible situation
hundred documents
computational systems
time environment
cause significant
different graphic
probable sentence
frequency dictionaries
completed parses
segment length
distinct coordination
processing services
noun lexicon
ie approach
strong intuitions
results ill
path building
limitations preclude
faces problems
resolve co
three modifications
short essays
output languages
process underlying
topic finality
atn grammars
je sais
produce final
good distracter
phrase provides
transition sequence
single expression
parsed bnc
semantics uses
database example
resulting sequences
drama sessions
critical problems
target f
lexicon precision
lcxical items
contains everything
manual dictionary
bank log
rater reliability
worst performance
argument indexing
term payoff
focused part
perform experiments
mcmc methods
bilexical dependencies
defined set
segmentation criterion
grammatical choices
schematic diagram
culminated events
processing works
parsing schemata
intersection would
car driver
identification experiment
iso 12620
initial character
given morpheme
lexical frequency
short unit
indeed show
trainable language
simple pos
transfer methodology
many authors
jie jue
new hampshire
empty categories
mathematical basis
preceding vp
second problem
words model
knn classifier
possible underlying
denote functions
entire dialogues
subcategorization requirements
level p
special needs
8 compares
time switching
red square
idf metric
memory match
probabilistic version
semantic parts
case nouns
calculation methods
event described
peng et
positive constant
linker distribution
system embodying
xat library
category c
static fusion
associative relation
conversation units
values observed
went shopping
used statistics
maximal marginal
style markers
vectors corresponding
analysis criterion
search operations
individual articles
standard includes
lexical generalizations
respective corpora
external components
prone task
weight 0
grammar discussed
naturally arises
data typing
comple x
mgi database
pronominal np
corpora analysis
substantial parts
two girls
extracts important
distance rules
grammars without
using links
717 sentences
system encountered
complicated grammar
memory experiment
head bigrams
particular unification
extraction methods
words similar
distributions given
structure proposed
yami language
planning rule
different technologies
following systems
empty answers
syntagmatic associations
semantic parataxis
polar questions
scores indicate
representative classes
set train
alternative techniques
200 test
nouns tend
first end
linguistic constraint
dialog acts
labeling data
learning sample
variable pronouns
candidate morpheme
treebank wall
directed search
every sense
monolingual baseline
tasc algorithm
label e
iterative training
questions selected
expected effect
page 9
hearst 1994
extra ambiguity
space complexity
big challenge
previous task
recovery heuristics
relate directly
topical contextual
theories within
dialog setting
minor modifications
three salient
level intention
three tags
understanding modules
party hci
time goes
speculative sentence
give adequate
individual grammar
test ex
rpm representation
magnitude faster
brackets correspond
day 1
technology base
parsing means
achieve improved
identify significant
tile applicability
output function
module analyzes
internal name
bilingual correspondences
functional status
denoting np
eliminate invalid
tagger tnt
ideographic characters
move hypotheses
inferences necessary
bleu score
layer hypothesis
existing resource
form dependency
present difficulties
linear context
learning disabilities
target sets
input probabilities
grammar determines
algorithm made
equal syntactic
problem leads
noun stem
discourse modelling
fuzzy matches
system generally
clear benefit
propagation technique
states connected
frequent combinations
word indicating
speech might
repairs could
tagger post
names whose
rules take
oriented abstract
powerful framework
approach assumes
following search
different response
recurrence equation
embedded context
noun would
thc dialogue
actual constraint
compound phrase
find words
written transcription
morphological feature
walde 2000
shift transition
simple means
n mentions
requests may
graph approach
alternate interpretations
step also
trained grammar
major project
new generation
constituent voting
f using
master passages
second disjunct
exhibit multiple
inclusion test
best n
sgml output
rule candidates
check marks
reid saw
des relations
interpretation problems
estaba muy
si systems
manning 1993
human name
modifier trees
toy systems
abstraction hierarchies
morpheme boundaries
rule matches
v stands
certain verbs
log integrated
exceptional example
representation type
operations necessary
ontology contains
given piece
link 1
possessive adjective
greater variation
reliable source
mixed initiative
review data
also match
singular terms
similar overall
heuristic extraction
program knows
important observations
original classes
official results
generation grammars
path n
mt english
translated names
educational settings
hierarchical fashion
de filles
generate virtual
let tp
insertion errors
uniform random
developing machine
type information
based why2
test time
ratio scores
whether people
diagnosis phase
acceptance region
null able
strategies must
confused word
common prefix
le choix
low agreement
node type
previous decisions
nlp applications
fragments like
assumption would
prepositional verb
chains tend
segmentation given
known values
mass storage
enter key
utterance begins
test speech
automatically finds
also experiment
depend largely
compute statistics
class per
whose hypernyms
whose dependent
book b
french preposition
invocation strategies
bachelor studies
john knows
allows knowledge
based ceaf
e cn
bnc contains
lexical connective
intelligent human
italian version
shifting function
tous les
job ad
statistical classifier
rose approach
probabilistic term
example john
independent tests
labels must
sentential elements
initiative dialogs
nouns made
genitive phrase
function letter
adjunction must
true sentences
developmental sequence
determine potential
substantial collection
lexicographic analysis
intuition underlying
dialogue grammar
niggemeyer et
gives tile
document a44
du raisonnement
mega bytes
noun company
terms share
striking similarity
tuple extraction
sense repository
analysis given
formal specification
annotation instructions
pd node
fuller description
collaborative project
first situation
tile point
significant improvements
types would
lisp programs
early deletion
speech corpus
either search
get x
referent search
additional documents
explicit signal
even billions
solve ambiguity
j apanese
sentences must
term tk
inferences within
general fiction
recall achieved
result seems
sentence seems
linguistic relevance
information gleaned
whose translations
one classification
local updating
faire une
texts published
l x
anim feature
processes include
term describes
similarity templates
identification procedures
multiple paths
events cannot
normalization factor
eichmann et
increasing levels
sets described
simplifying assumptions
lexical forms
semantic concepts
tile al
discrimination based
four annotators
action utterances
analysis correctly
available option
grained pos
disambiguation routines
method comes
b negationslash
second comma
major types
conjunctive structures
reduced word
occur throughout
bad checks
people employ
former girlfriend
overall corpus
original decision
rumelhart 1986
equal probability
grant mcs
weighting formulas
grammar scheme
domai n
intermediate phonemic
method differs
extended corpus
many pies
appropriate utterances
terminal action
common level
subsequent test
system employing
contextual processing
relation relates
newspaper article
also captures
unbound variable
taking advantage
sniper corpus
final node
editing tools
relative proportions
mann hat
large estimation
give examples
typical rules
clarifying information
augmented tree
kogure et
thts paper
rule dependencies
clear sentence
multiparagraph english
new correction
9 hewuil
edit machine
mean size
blocked configuration
see church
overall approach
looking centers
parsed wall
constituent would
gilliom 1993
interactive fiction
corresponding classifier
class z
correct frames
buffer positions
extended approach
grammatical functions
french translation
engineering community
extracting meaningful
comme un
features available
automatic relevance
scenario representation
express dependencies
parameters score
class v
parallelism reward
independent estimate
sentence score
june 21
alon lavie
manually sense
turn provides
first graph
used top
structure formalism
lexical parallelism
la mesure
contiguous sub
research fellow
used features
different ml
means less
pseudo target
2 members
pinto et
parsed structures
interlingua texts
vowel sounds
bus number
space w
speech behavior
constant subtraction
dictionary translations
token structure
information except
step away
one car
engineering issues
measure reflecting
english lcs
toe games
defined syntax
theoretical interpretation
sentence filtering
appropriate language
a7 a8
rate since
analyzer without
similar errors
defining noun
application knowledge
free performance
sentence node
discontinuous collocations
supporting computational
without revision
evoked discourse
individual senses
document proxy
1 ill
arc whose
queries collected
syntactic specifications
mail message
interpretation stage
refinement structure
conceptual data
disjunctive entry
training resources
bilingual case
module first
mds systems
syllabic stress
fresco located
inform act
associative models
deux categories
average rank
overall behavior
ignore words
state np
expression contains
involves selecting
template test
explicitly change
tell exactly
help pages
usage must
pairwise strategy
maximal level
product concern
phrase whereas
tile text
maximally coherent
states forces
earlier versions
next string
morphology analysis
significant proportion
exical entry
accuracy cannot
like w
expensive task
correct classes
sentiment unit
relation agent
extra complexity
paper adopts
english human
surface cueing
wrong words
word wl
appealing solution
actually exists
resolve context
adding discourse
student take
contains functions
subsection 5
methods used
submission deadline
low average
r represents
preferred interpretation
expression level
several differences
knowledge useful
semiphone systems
evaluation function
mouse button
proper mwv
achieves comparable
wizard scenarios
detailed look
nlp research
modified greedy
certain conventions
modification time
lower body
entailment challenge
construction system
orthographic units
jahr 1979
based front
sentence condensation
legal cases
reach statistical
specification part
home loan
two architectures
different description
compounds may
earlier algorithms
meaning browser
component performs
sequential model
forms c
possible verb
bearing different
s1 4dp
elicitation study
activity patterns
baseline 1a
individual authors
additional structure
wind phrase
word method
2004 workshop
phonetic environments
sir john
recent methods
source segmentation
like elements
constituents without
ith word
livre est
cd task
federal agencies
cover part
feature refers
individual dictionaries
scores exceed
identify collocations
common assumptions
category appears
correct score
following conditional
features information
hypothesis whose
mean distance
cognate words
terminological phrases
ten random
particular measure
sufficient statistic
correct frame
context influences
multiplication algorithms
asr technology
towards developing
synthetic user
window may
ambiguity illustrated
acceptable output
set included
tagger trained
sequence z
community uses
one lemma
factors p
r e
semantic hierarchy
middle line
intuitive meaning
chunk brackets
statistical tests
base orders
stage also
experiment comparing
scale mt
kyoto univ
handle coordination
organization objects
mlr parsing
diversity among
term polarity
jerry r
description used
qarab system
characteristic way
original pair
spanish preposition
system indicating
compound terms
domain appropriate
parallel parser
another message
syntactic indicators
cooccurrence graph
current recognition
derived usages
adequately express
class node
compute features
information density
lists using
p w
complement schema
major pos
sensitive conditional
cmu toolkit
approximate gain
b increase
automatic q
moore 1995
voice sentence
order universals
explicit speaker
system supporting
semantic coding
process multiple
dm may
text zones
involves traversing
generator converts
rule body
class trigrams
semantic modules
help solve
6 sketches
available toolkits
preference selection
generation components
12 khz
sites participating
correct account
every subset
spatial regions
auxiliary symbols
new derivations
result states
relevant candidates
4 baseline
current awareness
relevant areas
frames relevant
communication framework
stage involved
confidence measure
structure representing
principled basis
five sections
average success
manipulation interface
different constructions
grained evaluation
data track
unit vector
algorithms include
crf weights
multimodal data
pragmatic strategy
district judge
discovery process
deterministic machine
proof p
474 chip
serial verb
known classes
keywords recall
peking university
three implementations
stsg formalism
plasma membrane
word w0
pattern existing
systematic disagreements
6 development
bind pronouns
ne fait
explanatory extension
unique integer
narrative worlds
less control
specific preferences
another experiment
28 give
volume 12
relativized phrase
normal typing
experiment described
generates queries
voyager system
instances based
modified n
systemic linguists
gslc corpus
parsable words
previous questions
blood vessel
precision performance
input articles
atn arcs
negative restriction
specific kinds
simultaneously satisfy
rules result
text pair
type x
next speaker
measure since
classified tokens
state mapping
purpose component
predicate agreement
le document
major exception
des messages
two lfg
relation n
five nouns
supposition con
sample hierarchy
useful term
reliable estimates
support expressions
file called
known object
syntactic f
nlg program
five simple
much superior
grammar element
class frequencies
relational nouns
spanish translation
process transforms
sentence initial
four years
significant divergence
un sujet
consider processing
relevant index
ex 3
headword w
florian et
fare class
forms allows
arguments required
pos e
cfg rule
finding synonyms
extraction software
main english
many dialects
resolution procedures
lexicon subsystem
single functional
feature c
gmtg a117
sentence correspondences
rule det
bilexical cfg
instantiated schema
senses whose
sentence illustrates
different layers
derivation sequences
optional participants
third pattern
effect terms
optimal code
label framework
line sources
parsing outputs
mainichi newspapers
chomsky 1963
component defines
arbitrary syntactic
action relation
sophisticated representations
present king
means first
reduction factor
every utterance
main drs
answering strategies
shared space
separate grammar
joint word
usability testing
relevant materials
labeled meeting
categorical data
red piece
phrase expressing
document ids
e either
correct transcription
show thai
de jong
input grammar
recording process
corner derivations
moderate number
reduced model
uninformative words
ps rules
summary extraction
everyday conversations
appropriate relation
data representation
users prefer
readings result
english morphemes
subsequent clause
idealized grammars
abstract nodes
c api
property p
issues arise
classes except
scene representation
verbal senses
substitution classes
gram hmm
path cost
girl kissed
reality environment
various errors
team system
let w
overlapping links
transformation called
commercial enterprises
existing pos
reference tags
domains exhibit
xerox research
available set
head corner
concurrent markup
preferred referents
relation direction
prior probability
language parts
little variation
probability distributions
transcription point
probability proportional
derivable sequent
system reliability
prolog facts
likert scale
feature reflects
x occurs
translation scheme
resulting transducer
topicalized np
recurring errors
influence relation
image module
atomic symbols
target lemmas
hierarchic primitive
multimodal reference
et il
interesting study
target training
total energy
book describes
structures make
certain hidden
using framenet
613 x
lexical alternation
input time
candidate strings
base number
pos guessers
regular endings
need rather
different light
identify sentence
prior segmentation
extra elements
thank prof
template table
product distribution
instance nodes
claim holds
ten folds
approach within
separate unit
bilingual lexicon
item expressions
towards finding
state rules
system attempting
methods avoid
development set
classification accuracy
syntactically modifies
oriented beliefs
resolution operations
exhibits several
find either
duke programming
precision subjective
phonological lexicon
natural interactivity
70 degrees
york state
readable documents
rough measure
perfect word
past progressive
certain input
first verb
major contribution
conditioning words
nursing home
expression causes
systems since
temporal reference
indicate either
form occurs
human variation
projects around
local classifier
procedural description
presents preliminary
ieee transactions
example summary
second occurrence
information still
module independently
acceptable patterns
value within
major strength
correct correspondences
introductory part
nanno et
parsers also
maximizes pr
simple representation
least amount
yet none
different events
theory explaining
kind types
current hardware
social ranking
used lists
clue expression
transitions labeled
deep nlp
extraction heuristic
n2 phrases
basic signs
six tokens
growing demand
sense 3
local cohesion
graph must
graphical display
windows pc
input free
right analysis
dimensional parameter
4 provide
linguistic dependency
italian texts
available system
common translation
linguistic templates
always pass
address one
different vowels
corresponding bit
topiary system
applications often
resolve pronoun
term labelling
constituent rule
state like
unified phrase
input segment
feature allows
interpretation might
scale domain
european universities
using synset
dominated nodes
ith example
querying databases
sre configurations
subjects provided
317 sentences
typical elements
deverbal head
outermost quantifier
original ordering
matched substring
given parser
community must
encode semantic
semantic mechanisms
function resolvedd
word associated
la rue
rm corpus
generates less
5 digit
abstract point
uses cross
explicitly accounts
tabular method
framework presented
corresponding expert
readers recognize
linguistic researchers
navigational assistance
likely path
subjective experience
predicate grouping
morpheme dictionary
clusters present
inseq criterion
amengual et
semantic noun
matching systems
conventional transfer
tying schemes
allows tile
b would
ne phrases
matrix corresponding
0 sense
current situation
output grammars
nichrome gold
processor could
default description
using place
basic actions
two products
thousand documents
development system
cleft sentence
interpolation parameters
les textes
phrase represented
weinstein 1981
prototypical seed
documents provided
noisy training
algorithm continues
rest cost
extraction examples
act coding
bnc counts
utterance results
7 compares
placement rules
patient status
distinct difference
structures either
see sproat
dictionary associates
spectral features
phrases ending
task begins
ambiguity regarding
analyze results
actual templates
q dqg
coreferent entities
agreement failure
preferable candidate
sentential syntactic
features x
initial characters
solution developed
language collection
systemic theory
become unavailable
specific attributes
evaluation details
variable aj
good tool
groups together
middle class
optional ones
piece together
tool using
paradigm may
exhibit polysemy
engines trained
positive infinity
traduction de
formal characteristics
base provided
clausal node
thei r
potential role
users cannot
grosz et
second paragraph
acoustic variability
method simply
derivative information
associated scores
sentence case
processing languages
hierarchical prosodic
k factors
constructed grammars
polarized words
place without
text analyzed
speech must
rule names
pieces contain
proposed definitions
mccord 1987
5 discusses
discrete events
class 7
versus verb
reference rules
combined likelihood
finding relationships
facts involving
reibun bainda
produce descriptive
new application
human assigned
better term
pairs need
law 5
one outcome
microelectronics domains
fast recognition
entry 2
framework requires
methods fall
data increased
tile data
probability theory
phonetic segmentation
answering task
different lexicalizations
good discourse
tenir compte
fact probably
interruption point
subject nps
larger document
max cost
total rank
separate senses
free modifiers
examples added
hnc software
joint event
reporting verb
integrated account
computerm 2004
decoding network
sequence produced
label training
npa v
event sequence
00 pm
one content
nodes belonging
discourse perspective
finite enumerability
english cross
based postprocessor
installed excel
every child
generative formalism
previous top
tokens rather
manual parsing
schiffman et
hypotheses regarding
previous features
called feature
alternative view
empty semantics
familiarity scale
woods et
respective strengths
cannot distinguish
left factors
10 letters
node vprime
tn grade
use tree
cardie et
rule listed
steedman 1990
file includes
structure components
user interacts
frequent nouns
random variables
deverbal nominalisations
legal terms
sentences considered
evolving text
way automata
billion words
class iii
existing evaluation
telecommunications research
c nodes
potential candidates
kernel combinations
squared distance
available words
tested accuracy
loose sense
dans la
unknown subtree
critical issues
corpus similarity
tables used
current parameters
initial configuration
uniqueness constraint
local performance
grained set
one minimal
vocnet graph
le carrd
abstract text
relational proposition
conceptual association
arcs linking
standard errors
information derived
address using
morphological patterns
different writing
optimization process
implementation details
function derived
recognize names
reference like
solving dialogue
phenomena observed
method suffers
overall averages
category contains
stereotypical associations
sentence g
continuation point
correct subsumption
probabilistic model
see ss3
blood cells
actual instances
feature paths
explosive product
embedded information
violate selectional
upper model
sb formulae
database scheme
predictive parsing
unknown element
include definite
necessary linguistic
raw material
honorific word
result argument
theory claims
describe informally
c la
particular use
information necessary
np following
produce meaningful
rather shallow
turn 6
every house
second entry
dekang lin
pair c
darpa community
therefore chosen
preceding head
scanning process
joint purpose
appropriate models
issue queries
generated paraphrases
category level
program via
technique applies
operator precedence
a3 a1
growth curve
perfect event
la clergerie
multiple concurrent
eqv c
adjustment factor
complex algorithms
different shape
recursion requirement
cfg non
aunt margaret
embedded alternatives
lancaster treeb
dynamic discourse
mobile robots
cases described
vector consisting
produced translation
essay evaluation
aa r
adding elements
candidate closest
elisabeth maier
glottal pulses
rwth aachen
primitive meaning
idiosyncratic expressions
people pursue
real knowledge
decomposition problem
processing function
sense priors
correct case
occur even
rules results
subtle nuances
input modalities
owl individuals
finite codomain
contain names
following resources
user type
a0a2a1a4a3a11a3a10a6 a3
simple syntax
nous aurons
smolka 1988
allow access
sentential probability
complex node
rules introduced
likely referents
target parses
select potential
combination patterns
syntactic framework
complex schemes
secure voice
let cp
sts system
training text
vocabulary condition
improve correction
language instructions
x equations
direct flights
situation aspect
voice talent
000 stems
search becomes
distance telephone
action selection
fourth part
entities directly
classic diphone
hagen et
corpus contexts
font styles
human transcribers
sous le
genuine association
mci communications
literal goals
definitions contained
feature appears
upon word
structure np1
identify answer
pronoun would
different configurations
path leading
tone 2
component concepts
schank suggests
sequence 7
possible search
name suggests
translation followed
attorney names
np consists
appropriate selection
end discriminative
early systems
discrete optimization
computer technology
secondary coding
regular sequence
complete subtags
bitext space
contract n66001
candidate evaluation
strong case
corpus divided
neighborhood learner
make recommendations
unification process
rich discourse
german pp
retrieved example
total success
target sequence
optimal form
attachment system
frame extraction
modal verbs
one describing
pumping lemma
meaning descriptions
symbol corresponds
link inheritance
peak success
kucera 1982
general environment
rule extractor
30 roots
extra effort
discrete hidden
different penalty
null mance
produce zero
transformational parsing
english nps
every letter
f 0
strikes us
domain description
studied task
lifting conditions
full unification
procedural language
disagreement tag
big advantage
000 years
phrases identified
corrective training
generated extracts
prefix probabilities
weighted automata
facet contains
terminological component
structure analysis
michael niv
whose effects
lexical density
name instance
traversal order
system relies
fusion models
active field
enhanced system
larger database
different codings
anomalous elements
next number
four argumentative
formed phrase
expressions used
transition features
remaining strings
onset principle
phenomenon known
go round
frsim 0
acoustic waveform
pas la
label l
balancing rule
order object
distinct components
correct argument
discrimination model
performing parameter
stable expansion
report data
syntactic criteria
systems found
pairs like
robust communication
relevant domains
information within
detecting sentence
software packages
catalan series
function within
verb occurrence
base 2
interactive environment
action may
subsequent search
prompt text
tree every
serious difficulty
single english
original lexicon
proposed modifications
speaker said
de pot
program given
set comprised
elaborate lexical
la france
disagreement among
cg training
network called
xml processing
efficient discourse
possible stacks
new dialogue
discourse marker
contiguous mwv
designing dialogue
right subcategorization
nearest attachment
item 12
utterance 14
lexicalized approaches
absolute accuracy
predicates interact
collecting sites
new roles
next monday
simple definite
ignoring cases
defined domains
selected rule
requiring deep
auxiliary predicates
research assistant
show higher
fact repository
importance may
existence conditions
type string
word choice
feature projections
null con
strong argument
new symbol
specific steps
voice recognition
later case
serial search
whose lengths
useful entries
output components
take hold
licensing condition
system chose
also reach
binary operations
entity 1
language modules
chinese synonym
de telles
de modules
proposal suggests
occurrence probability
known differences
model reduced
algorithm since
resource grammar
across speakers
paraphrases derived
bilexical relations
similarity judgments
discusses one
produce better
release turn
civit et
rec pre
biggest difference
generate automatically
les enfants
vowel space
medical narratives
ttt program
mainly involves
6 seconds
another factor
linguistic antecedent
object per
show indicator
candidate value
context priming
parallel system
direct way
larger parallel
discriminative functions
lucid common
two dimensions
stiff neck
complex states
random weights
use tagged
differences would
document base
un alfresco
core portion
escape sequences
generating training
forest structure
assessment methods
truth summaries
subsequent development
6 results
level objects
definition depends
elements represented
topic dependence
excellent review
system often
5000 iterations
concept distance
section 20
different interests
prefer parses
word end
decoding proceeds
element p
correspond either
1 assume
refined evaluation
c text
text lexicon
dimensional markup
special situations
last session
disyllabic words
use mostly
matrix computer
handling systems
recent examples
choose rules
dane la
automatic coreference
class ck
rules deal
normalized tf
initial assignment
honorific event
produce referring
intelligent document
morpheme order
certain rules
bell method
supermarket frame
eagles initiative
e control
supportive context
trigger effect
w stands
fine tuning
men walk
maintains consistency
observable behavior
arpa hlt
linking algorithm
msr corpora
preferences may
stochastic dictionary
korean pos
de consonnes
relative effectiveness
corpus automatically
meaning consists
whole tag
inverted questions
desired result
allen 1999
obvious candidates
okurigana variants
article 4
classes derived
phrase features
first systems
interface language
strategy 4
actual antecedent
word u
phrase also
smaller pool
triple cooccurrence
structures appear
value specified
static terms
interpretation based
computational reasons
many candidate
corner symbol
arrows pointing
solving activities
morphological aspects
word posterior
naming process
contexts represented
every potential
active rule
sections 21
dizier 96
prototype thoughts
friday last
like segmentation
resumption later
counting matches
authors acknowledge
generic tools
easy implementation
descriptions often
closely relate
iust one
verbs also
examples illustrate
smaller grammars
accurate morphological
various focus
plans containing
b rule
model usually
partitional algorithms
umls concepts
three samples
use tag
extract relations
object z
cfg generates
detection tools
interest since
native writers
markable level
clause delimiter
gender information
treebank 5
underspecified rhetorical
independent classification
syntactic training
language identifier
corresponding named
representations called
bidirectional systems
current verb
many participants
results usually
systems generated
perform speech
aac devices
12 subjects
nl processing
electronic discussions
form single
based planner
agent plans
mt framework
rules appropriate
method called
grant irt
cognitive structures
whole vocabulary
form fragments
unit used
semantic module
one transition
high frequencies
entire knowledge
dialogues 1
windowing method
transcription data
existing set
bill revised
discourse knowledge
phrases seem
smoothing method
useful model
gaiffe et
logical properties
find examples
large list
telephone bandwidth
surface pronunciation
medical topics
first search
verbs involved
frantzi et
david g
level modeling
framework could
hiragana characters
add arbitrary
words followed
paraphrases within
lexical processing
pattern frequency
noted hereafter
annotator 1
predictable resistance
crude model
representation equivalent
level similarity
resulting inter
oriented structure
valeurs des
helpful comments
compound word
simply means
visible structure
5 exercise
date expression
separate issue
closed tests
previous parsers
discourse usages
paradigmatic lexical
system needed
target task
tagged corpora
3 news
ith character
column show
phonological rule
word actually
following reasons
much variation
separate ontologies
word detection
john owns
accent values
clause head
given occurrence
computational morphological
facilitate comparisons
large file
based resource
unigram constraint
anxiete anxiety
normative strength
robust text
statistical tools
measure relative
organization types
following nodes
bidirectional search
subcategorization lists
data increases
inferable entities
answering questions
whose accuracy
dialogue design
desc query
semantic authoring
three components
language word
automated knowledge
various formalisms
preference agent
focus spaces
task involving
force types
complete edges
ancestor string
john theme
nothing wrong
different variable
plus proche
broadcast news
buy arms
calculus expressions
june 1982
jeune femme
two al
improvement observed
text would
detect problems
admissible categories
official language
case assigned
month demo
one chart
core concepts
party last
research plan
slash notation
logical descriptions
counting dependencies
accessibility relation
corpus studies
require human
lcs system
bm str
sam suppression
generating l
matveeva et
aspect classes
plural descriptions
minimal knowledge
first development
another random
admissible trees
domain language
typical syntactic
terms need
parses containing
ranked words
english document
automatic genre
becomes empty
deterministic tm
use xmlperl
computational point
always returns
eduard hovy
base template
goals p
h p
important phase
clear majority
classes within
labeled edges
simplest technique
filtering techniques
relevant units
assures us
en prolog
implicit definition
performance via
ambiguous text
consists primarily
produce word
initial release
abstract data
precedence constraint
gunman kill
vice versa
nine parts
tile relative
voting scheme
mounted microphone
conative alternation
research board
method follows
journal documents
main sets
length weight
set rather
g 2
process complex
transliteration using
three heuristics
running giza
quaha structure
nl failure
rare case
larger spans
measure semantic
active phones
acoustic variations
subject used
nominal stems
additional events
hypothesis w
kill police
mat6riaux lexicaux
baets et
topic environment
multimodal clarification
min string
novel events
exceptional element
relation suggests
lexeme dictionary
core aspects
context construction
au del
n input
many changes
expected types
else pick
70 sentences
value val
syntaxiques et
subtask structure
lemma information
adverbial may
formulation would
preferred classes
grant agency
used paraphrasing
crucial issue
command may
sentences mentioned
uses beam
2 note
semantics component
communication task
translated term
cost would
english experiments
express relations
research studies
dynamic interaction
recursive tree
threshold strategy
structural assumptions
latter domain
one nice
issue may
sequence wi
x times
prolog terms
specific goal
session 2
adaptive ie
besoin de
topological parser
rule makes
solve syntactic
compute confidence
centroid vector
r l
turing estimate
pronoun rule
derivations produced
document 1
initial similarity
avoid duplication
petite fille
system choice
liu et
coded rules
performing sequence
ilp formulation
every conjunctive
professional analysts
correct descriptions
relation instance
filler must
also enter
resulting collection
preference functions
smaller samples
ar system
tbl system
tile semantic
form matching
original html
scheme applied
training data
order freedom
iterative algorithms
right eye
feature contains
interest data
local disjunction
set 4
defining default
significance measure
segmental information
relations involve
si la
7 cannot
researchers need
best way
comparison technique
prototype based
carmel grammar
combined decision
type links
16 mb
order preserving
l number
phrases together
punctuation symbol
restricted use
g knowledge
correcting words
scoring template
algorithm found
based display
recognize relations
graphs instead
complexe de
explicit knowledge
parameter accounts
statistical classification
unattempted slots
critical word
graph encoding
corpus project
dog catcher
driven language
john met
feature level
sentence consists
smaller degree
feature past
models improve
thesaurus hierarchy
frames containing
sentential clauses
upcoming character
summarization community
dotted items
computational text
also touch
japanese sound
whose predicates
extractive approach
deep semantics
600 sentence
intrasentential anaphors
john pushed
list p
table indicate
subtrees headed
de nos
program inserts
structural transformations
final architecture
cl definition
mt training
grammar allowed
primary battery
sure alignment
processes operate
processor output
possesses many
precision without
rank interpretations
canonically neighborhood
hindi words
filter would
move around
cannot translate
horizontal relations
module computes
rule might
therefore generate
every processing
difference makes
conversion system
parser returns
nominal subject
grammars define
natural contexts
uses parallel
tile first
allow individual
european communities
sense annotations
refined set
generalized models
train one
senses w
consistent brackets
events evoked
aphb corpus
timeout prompts
modal input
quantifier meanings
smaller components
systems consist
let t1
entity without
principle defines
extraction patterns
english database
research concerning
based formalisms
four error
syntactic parses
col ha
eigen values
information specified
models respectively
properly dominates
bound forms
william h
robust since
two disk
efficient interaction
given words
computer literacy
line dictionary
geoquery corpus
special boundary
count one
conventional ones
elements also
make tile
based pp
messages describing
english used
imbalance problem
implemented systems
sequence pattern
stochastic nature
research project
n np
techniques might
predicate part
users choose
military applications
sur deux
lexicalized feature
extract proper
recognition outputs
nouns found
terms like
lexicon provided
paper show
9 np
word test
possible triples
pruning thresholds
classify letters
article alignment
features developed
measure nouns
return one
distinct subcategorization
analysis applies
keywords precision
leads naturally
semantic mappings
specialization rule
impact lines
avoid non
empirical evidence
heuristics seem
undergo passivization
efficient procedure
memory structures
margin maximization
like self
french pair
tanaka et
closer attention
bahasa indonesia
hence lower
syllabic script
act agents
following text
future data
concept tree
every step
100 epochs
des indices
experimental configuration
renewed interest
actee parts
allowing non
extraction portion
structure one
phrase lists
modelling information
telle que
desired results
clauses embedded
subjunctive mode
tagger calculates
systems may
knowledge space
prediction techniques
segment tags
query construction
ros de
content providers
simple identity
seed corpora
confidence estimation
precise description
corpus techniques
category boundary
defining characteristics
wordnet lists
systems first
book title
test domain
tochter ein
elements involved
clause nucleus
conditioned word
whether g
special list
except section
verb decompositions
grained levels
class consists
presenting information
combining adjacent
dependency relations
candidate words
wider coverage
clauses also
recall decrease
message types
indirect responses
isomorphic subtrees
compound model
action choices
without type
specific sample
sleep last
ran quickly
mereological bds
normalization tasks
subscriber base
training queries
rich annotation
certain elements
integrated lexicon
different frameworks
comprehensive dictionary
ga rvin
pointing devices
c data
relevant phrase
tile linear
pronominal resolution
large values
utterance description
9in fact
a0 a5
disambiguated training
ide et
process results
output segments
tile simple
weights obtained
involves calculating
major areas
two genes
appropriate choices
syntactic markup
related set
dam files
manual preparation
a1 a7
process introduced
finding information
medio de
low bias
word paradigms
formal objects
poor recall
subgraph construction
cognitive theories
representations described
proposed action
industrial user
pr model
sondheimer 1983
movement transformations
level plan
cannot arise
model answer
reestimation method
following lf
screen anaphora
linguistic backgrounds
accessible discourse
speaker abandons
q holds
potential problems
tile kind
containing examples
example let
stw conversions
useful suggestions
rules become
significant research
branching nodes
grammar consisting
individual part
spoken interactions
winning candidate
rule fires
tree adjoined
proper balance
indefeasible structure
unigram frequency
interpretation failures
solution 2
contexts across
gram strings
cognitive tasks
ie component
text handling
donkey sentences
little gain
motivating factors
researchers like
section 23
patterns acquired
9 tags
auxiliary predicate
previous co
user testing
disambiguation algorithms
orthographic regularities
possible results
state exists
contexts surrounding
landmark using
original rule
step leads
preparatory conditions
known company
connectionist principles
three baseline
classical statistical
sees fit
explore ways
price information
several non
unlabelled examples
one contextual
either text
basic method
definite answer
never encounter
person would
always pick
consonant correspondences
legal word
dependent transformations
discussions among
past century
specific topic
generation group
class relationships
orthographic convention
di erences
several improvements
solutions may
third token
agent actions
prove insufficient
mathematical form
geometric representation
vector xi
sequence following
two graduate
semcor data
essay responses
realization algorithm
3 arguments
rtn symbol
combined identification
plausible sentence
algorithm exhibits
whole parsing
speech source
effective performance
style named
laborious task
huge text
verb make
pragmatic dimension
path constraint
benchmark systems
predicates using
partitive construction
one whole
elementary localisation
input containing
containing adjectives
mark ellison
vague questions
general problem
supplied seed
step could
group similar
derivational analysis
process resulted
linguistic change
parser predictions
martin 2000
system underlying
performing task
character list
national congress
spoken tutoring
simple domains
ii representations
several slots
also analyze
composed structure
response occurs
1 sentence
condition el
19 n
summary size
significant variations
current systems
compound bracketing
introduce syntactic
languages l1
main criteria
low pitch
system graph
time responses
whose children
sundheim 1991
grammars use
six conditions
cases clearly
produce similar
use parsing
nouns generated
algorithm stores
using tables
w belongs
du trait
data flow
dar performs
permits two
vns corpus
global navigation
hbg model
many infinite
functions called
steps corresponding
common object
senses excluding
using mi
translated texts
remaining set
variable w
given percentage
explanatory variable
memory requirement
gram pos
parsers presented
corresponding lemma
tagger used
japanese ir
syntactic requirements
diabetic female
basic keywords
words filter
system parameters
pragmatic inferences
inference rules
theoretic characterizations
previous pattern
contains news
technology promotion
particular level
different interaction
algorithms operate
paraphrase knowledge
paper tries
attribute type
cascaded penguin
data listed
effect similar
le sujet
common algorithms
possibly cyclic
une cha
produces summary
square value
tree grown
des substantifs
topic focus
sound sequences
standard problem
grammar variables
requested action
parser rules
column named
extraction capability
user expertise
generative baseline
valid terms
cf figure
situation 1
order correlations
negative connotation
formalisms based
pair contains
rules producing
groups according
consecutive elements
sentence constitute
coherent text
process stops
qui suit
languages known
analyses provided
input cannot
part consisted
different procedure
hpsg generation
initial plan
immature system
creates new
one needs
linear string
common node
end evaluations
current search
information sharing
understand spoken
recognize proper
agence france
magnini et
triple code
carlo strapparava
one use
subcategorization pattern
concrete sentences
last fall
template id
many categories
clauses produced
different w
orthographic word
elliptical expression
construction cases
yamanashi 1987
annotation scheme
different departments
context contained
atomic predicate
specified amount
content type
strategy variations
little influence
segmentation accuracy
step identifies
something close
many trees
independent content
combine linguistic
ambiguous data
following metrics
reference exists
cooperative communication
web retrieval
purposes including
dot products
addition information
confidence level
word aer
traditional ea
grammars allows
avoid repeating
informational elements
monolingual user
two efforts
sentential anaphoric
using pointwise
optimal state
4 tests
form even
error committed
parser like
ambiguity like
fault tolerance
diverse nature
judgment procedure
existing index
four genres
focal node
called concepts
construct rules
use world
masu ka
b generates
simple conjunction
document without
many answers
1000 training
interval logic
x structure
identical verbs
l 2
directed utterances
method currently
much simpler
coherence conditions
word table
fuel type
frame uniformity
global distribution
produces much
hirschberg et
n rules
null sentence
mapfun f
conditioning factors
proper prefix
popowich et
rich class
k possible
probabilistic distribution
active edges
lengths n
initial studies
produces extracts
specific references
cognitive efficiency
current development
tai da
sadler et
many homophonic
different preferences
clearer understanding
extract term
related words
based parser
adjacent constituent
subject matters
les exemples
transcription labels
source sense
quality improvement
models suggest
contributes relation
widest range
synchronous production
many nlp
full use
target clump
infrequent ones
parsing problems
ground truth
caption generation
a35 a5
dotted type
main training
basic phonological
second hanzi
different kinds
compiling rules
two data
important difference
analyze utterances
medical sublanguage
semantic composition
28 words
ili synset
analytical layer
form structure
tense tree
level attribute
use structured
top choice
following silence
verb related
learned grammar
directed language
haas sentential
learning purposes
collections may
touch input
attachment preference
phrasing rules
polarity 1
criteria given
action functions
testing systems
particular assumptions
team member
latter sentence
strategy differs
noun sub
theoretical differences
following utterances
e patterns
reference specialist
compatibility functions
feature translation
process descriptor
data affected
null learning
system suggested
concept tag
compare tables
complex descriptions
rich et
next operation
statistics acquired
dialog systems
vote entropy
80 south
pragmatic constraint
certain class
distance using
resulting word
linguistic process
making independence
domain models
baseline grammar
application environment
des propositions
lambda reduction
discontinuous verb
centroid document
small gain
simple problems
interpolation weight
frequency tokens
first block
incremental clustering
eacl reviewers
per test
blue glass
metric score
aligned test
seven types
identification tasks
level rhetorical
control processing
l knowledge
human ranking
old grocer
cardinal directions
speech component
two days
head overlap
lee harvey
empty symbols
large classes
obvious problems
semantic profiles
reasons described
ith element
directly derives
genre labels
section focuses
set error
also president
paraphrase template
speech sentences
functions f
e ect
additional discourse
research laboratories
cannot disambiguate
causative construction
local classification
parsing units
intelligent multimedia
accent identification
novel discourse
top end
trivial differences
better human
rocchio algorithm
include cases
involves first
de las
one eighth
preferred ordering
similarity even
defined terms
respective domain
discrete elements
interpretation model
collins 1999
level types
certain environments
german system
sentence included
give credit
position according
141 sentences
probability bands
increase productivity
among wordnet
sites involved
encoding commonsense
verbal npis
extended explanations
following relationship
implementation differences
actual beliefs
accurate reference
large object
bacchiani et
national library
traversal algorithm
reviewers helped
without reference
remaining words
good syntactic
realization function
one insertion
missing domain
dom trees
permanent knowledge
ne pairs
whose count
gram evaluation
actual process
derived fi
index p
algorithm first
head feature
chosen task
sentences refer
since character
recall 0
ambiguous queries
use efficient
matching nodes
sensitive language
efficiency improvements
instance semantic
simple units
hh data
verbs co
simply words
meanings 3
find parts
safety factor
help guide
slower processing
initial project
direct dependency
semantic carriers
al a2
programs using
prediction strength
plausible answer
someone might
method addresses
query contained
use different
prisoners believed
user turns
starting state
unambiguous context
addressing behavior
second retrieval
node becomes
history list
among arguments
supervised manner
based weighting
node posteriors
semantic characteristics
morphemes like
two reference
tag data
feature counts
allowing fast
member states
rigid designator
dictionaries available
project builds
meaning distinctions
original non
fusion functions
japanese katakana
consider verbs
one consistent
1 answer
80 year
user stereotypes
acoustic scores
central concerns
traditional method
application back
current weight
combining rule
environmental changes
extracted entities
principle possible
procedures discussed
string notation
plum system
constituents c
x spanning
que son
corpora 1
one turn
wilks 1973
extensive use
based evaluation
algorithm integrates
richardson et
modifications required
verb governs
les liens
different generative
2 units
linguistic viewpoint
issues must
complementary way
questions raised
affirmative sentence
ch j
program systems
critical question
redundancy check
simple cf
tag combinations
sentential constraints
information occurring
label v
global measures
led researchers
anchored nodes
using hmm
also passes
generator first
previous context
traditional learning
instance may
lancaster university
recognition candidates
underlying dialogue
across dictionaries
trec6 chinese
ten sentence
mycin system
segmental representations
verb lexicons
following numbers
across labelers
w relation
passive affix
cross product
frame boundaries
use planning
expressions occur
words correct
reference resolution
asher et
score points
1 hour
ambient intelligence
share prices
annotation element
federal district
prolog convention
limited search
quantitative results
unbounded dependency
potential range
training may
sigdial workshop
particular preposition
observation pdfs
noisy versions
es long
bayesian nets
knowledge leads
exact pattern
whichever way
intermediate types
morphological module
simplest type
72 sentences
surface structures
selection experiments
subtree restrictions
learn domain
incorporates lexical
numerical measure
improves considerably
que chaque
technical content
higher term
match found
term like
np subject
informed baseline
single framework
tomek links
stage identifies
sketch engine
wordnet synonyms
german words
naive rule
translation en
simple transducer
interpretive process
successful dialogue
sequences used
time either
little choice
relevant messages
electronic ink
sections 15
compensation vector
human encoder
input automata
hpsg derivations
forward network
element assignment
simple cases
larger speech
rank xerox
modern korean
abstract nouns
phrase linking
exact synonyms
recognizer performance
generated template
initial weights
also domain
principal role
elementary grammatical
pair l
1990 test
words allowed
sov word
software component
knowledge could
shared patterns
long form
windows sizes
nt system
reasonable basis
empirical observations
cg triplet
important components
possible nodes
linking grammars
object clitics
referential element
good probability
filtering track
fragmentary input
input signals
rich syntactic
jason eisner
mckeown 1985
corresponding content
separate part
type 2
search method
task organizers
atomic type
described system
category indicated
performance history
carbon button
underlying infrastructure
selection marks
formed texts
e concepts
projection rules
maintains two
chinese whispers
rate due
semspec must
term referent
equivalent simple
tuning process
words simultaneously
majority countability
work correctly
particular complement
polysemy reduction
huge data
relevant issues
match queries
conventional machine
longest parse
retrieval project
words making
french lexicon
correctly generates
since p
mammography task
particle set
virtual relations
type place
good segmentation
mechanism also
possible connection
table indicates
inference load
susan w
obtained encouraging
automaton using
model given
language operators
dog ate
uses hierarchical
one works
foreign broadcast
coordination constructs
corresponding item
general structural
another mt
maximum class
transfer map
analysis technique
contain zero
candidate sequences
comment 1
information regarding
quinlan 1993
interesting relations
lehrberger 1982
error correct
unified model
single person
relations entre
combine rule
day use
larger segment
om tile
results given
number codes
classes share
candidate related
german syntax
left neighbor
adjective types
salient property
particular translation
states government
current trend
character ci
situation without
consumer lending
relaxation labelling
arc connecting
form illustrated
c semantic
left word
harm performance
domain shifts
across cultures
space constraints
object co
collection includes
labelled documents
formal studies
majority votes
model correctly
invoked rule
transducers without
saddam hussein
purpose generators
normal flow
successive refinements
clause boundaries
special frames
another requirement
conflicting definitions
individual trees
cui et
portuguese translations
degrades rapidly
forecast generation
search keywords
swedish parallel
verb appear
prototype model
international thesaurus
tagging system
additional complexity
seminar announcement
initial consonant
feature file
object inherits
combined lexicon
rule packages
natural division
tile name
rules whose
following relation
list created
transformational formalism
doctor andreu
type knowledge
adverbial functions
habitual state
ai applications
ner errors
system extends
image objects
smoothing parameters
techniques must
little modification
held view
bracketed phrase
direct substitution
speech vector
complex termforms
give attention
concepts created
zhan che
words inside
track whether
comparable corpus
coherent data
substructure rooted
binary structures
element objects
yamron et
state tying
linear orders
decomposition methods
individual answers
model solution
filtering mechanism
parsers could
extraction mechanisms
resolution tasks
fourth approach
6 scenario
efficient strategy
failed category
dialogue flow
induction method
per clause
theories like
specification must
joint effect
recursive parsing
components according
objective information
76 degrees
correct slots
suitable means
segment stating
simple phrase
content according
common case
level prosody
already undergone
le voyage
matching text
auxiliary stack
example includes
several disjoint
act fli
e possible
valid segmentations
database consisting
constrained problem
c may
question particles
control within
system limitations
long answers
output showed
high recall
global document
optimal conditions
generalized quantifier
3 test
scaling factor
synthesis rules
feminine pronoun
gene ontology
approaches treat
measure functions
tagger probabilities
use support
expectations associated
node actions
avant tout
yih su
words consisting
system translated
difference must
student utterances
special classes
require quite
ucc value
forward propagation
documents include
left paren
tables 12
object pattern
rule automaton
unit time
selecting n
language discussed
data makes
much gain
typing speed
increasing word
satisfy certain
potential terms
absolute improvement
together sets
2 see
eva anymore
size 1
get feedback
grammar instead
several alternate
style notation
subjective user
strategies used
problematic case
demodified phrases
representing document
verbs requires
2 phrase
propagation networks
two microphones
sense disambignation
tm weight
criteria defined
united kingdom
corresponding singular
de p
sets produced
de gispert
language lexical
initial seeding
common themes
tree size
rapid deployment
disjoint elements
best dependency
luo ji
special object
minimize human
model corresponding
tree style
best gene
knowledge retrieval
omission errors
data clustering
towards explaining
words beginning
languages via
related levels
em techniques
bomber blew
thank roger
b without
kernel functions
ignoring word
reasonable agreement
cyclic path
atis grammar
75 points
labels used
technique since
concern us
robust semantic
specific constraints
results corresponding
method predicts
high computational
certain probability
op data
incremental version
jack threw
blaschke et
genesis 1
semantic effect
census task
use bi
di trieste
procedure discussed
valenza et
reader cannot
english stories
common argument
ldc 1999b
man saw
word sketches
grades given
computation c
7 categories
ungrammatical text
known non
single training
conjunctive composite
filter stages
le ill
wordnet relationships
tagging words
make errors
average size
predicate reading
contain large
following grants
using xpath
sentences used
substantial effect
janus natural
deep eases
fukuda et
category object
procedure p
verbal form
evaluation would
holmes corpus
j de
planner would
translation techniques
goal weakening
direct antecedent
program applies
previous report
major problems
li 2003
typed constants
virtual corpus
target transliteration
xtag parser
literal x
relevant term
individual tokens
sentences covered
poses difficulties
yield large
define rules
xg formalism
rules handle
whose type
contextual ellipsis
data might
computer interaction
line parsing
restaurant guide
character classes
features 2
time overhead
minimum spanning
category score
forward alignment
new yorkers
0 b
np rather
inductive principle
np john
transaction times
verb feature
infinitival phrase
one keyword
simple replacement
regression coefficients
minimal transducers
word begins
selected sub
entities based
cable data
curves show
adaptation algorithms
modules described
first nodes
natural prosody
null nary
main requirements
detmar meurers
headword trigram
projections onto
exact context
identifying markables
nagao 1988
last time
similar phenomena
goal could
rental cars
alternative reading
r z
different steps
strong emphasis
parsers achieve
relation q
include terms
two association
tree within
translation unit
spanish lexicon
feature specifies
stage information
lexicon includes
et us
category node
profit system
roles within
dana la
japanese translation
oriented input
last speech
montague 1974
ranked feature
accuracy defined
source extraction
subject time
like men
checking process
utterances based
top beginners
ai research
process description
proposed heuristics
linear classi
priori restrictions
uniquement par
concept hypotheses
mixture language
actes de
linear number
local plausibility
synonym links
polarity classification
related sequences
final precision
comprise approximately
neuter nouns
tile exact
model remain
textual level
document stream
someone asks
two settings
implementation would
facility would
rouge metrics
vidal translation
automatic analyzer
formal types
manual indexing
like vp
based fragment
broader implications
current block
name rarity
gibbs distribution
range restrictions
format morphologique
labor involved
two leftmost
previous request
token annotation
frequency approach
email agent
base provides
time spoken
performing features
average within
response times
tree distance
successive events
incorrect morphological
cycle time
free chart
ps using
multinomial distributions
corpus representation
head wrap
different strategy
a5 a2
performance systems
verbal categories
paragraph analysis
recall figures
work contributes
greatest difficulty
unl graph
church 1990
earlier work
discriminative classifiers
meter corpus
technology use
detailed structure
14 hours
processing difficulty
prediction mechanism
de resoudre
translate correctly
axe built
encounter problems
spanish subword
gong si
figure 18
related approaches
established sense
contain gaps
sense interpretation
calculated p
new key
l tile
different belief
canonical answers
underlying expert
last segment
english articles
linguistic structure
suitable value
dialogue contributions
partial strings
observed symbols
closest matching
1 stress
biased data
cases per
measures related
patterns extracted
15 hours
fragment corresponding
bootstrapping strategies
based system
data bases
increased difficulty
correction accuracy
gen pass
tensed v
functional test
helmut schmid
mcarthur 1992
first clue
particular file
countable compound
topics like
individual productions
pattern processing
similar methods
interesting characteristic
average distance
paradigmatic similarity
two labels
driven procedure
random index
condition means
restaurant domain
leading ideas
system take
stephan vogel
relation modification
adjunct position
typical application
one learner
constructor function
factor p
reading order
lexicalized concepts
therefore p
satellite information
rejected belief
j word
like web
potential anaphor
taking words
ambiguity class
marked np
cohesion scores
real environment
conference room
des choix
model contributes
case arguments
many state
existing problems
short relations
subordination constraints
extracted relationships
form verbs
dictionary update
predicative adjectives
covering problem
cycle free
triangular areas
conversion software
experiments uses
stra data
ich das
symbols correspond
discrete steps
modapte split
student projects
w may
dd occurs
rms maximum
filter cascades
local content
pivot predictor
innovative aspects
additional kinds
states could
extract phrases
triples whose
storage costs
distinct left
projection line
problem remains
following models
initiated dialogue
pos v
property types
assigns appropriate
control dependences
reliability statistics
historical linguists
following relative
spelled part
profile manager
synchronous multi
reference markers
prior distributions
segmentation point
instances followed
update functions
onset cluster
normal reading
snow based
discusses future
60 seconds
arbitrary ways
automatic tagging
correlation matrix
non null
new sources
coreference performance
reflect various
discourse provides
department store
evaluation showed
description containing
online translators
actual structure
le respect
unweighted graphs
external tools
running score
valid word
sixth array
event entities
technological developments
unknown senses
transcribed broadcast
region names
lowe 1998
tilburg memory
3 table
special pair
methods cannot
methods produce
object relationships
way prepositions
utterance selection
including sentence
constructional block
internal test
predicate relations
seen tokens
purpose expressions
extraposed clauses
sensitive models
simple terms
always exists
olkopf et
effective tools
typed features
aduriz et
source head
ambiguous nouns
berlin system
technology allows
sentence subject
board game
inferable information
weighted mean
model defined
capitalization tag
figure 5
physics texts
overall amount
main conceptualization
prove necessary
experiment produced
measure computes
different moments
surprise score
news clippings
user plans
chine translation
j prime
earlier years
nominal category
tangent function
corpus study
tile possibility
minimum edit
input form
upward movement
communicate directly
tags found
following selection
specific web
previous constituent
basic underlying
immediate future
object context
set ii
different smoothing
function definitions
improvement even
perform domain
two sections
cannot derive
logical subject
split pps
english speech
john hertz
semion interpreted
arrow indicating
sent via
telephone keypad
prepared beforehand
darpa rm
plural subject
positive sample
un premier
main actor
phonological conditioning
different tenses
items according
pol quest
clear trend
history frames
approximation based
2000 workshop
target particle
also sentence
unlimited number
alternative relations
key goal
japanese people
one level
use lowercase
3 extends
deductive inference
given feature
given examples
standard pcfg
neighbouring nodes
discourse errors
snippets contain
flexible constituency
match may
interface agent
type ratio
multiple occurrences
generation 1
like sense
simple fact
include issues
second defines
human test
framework outlined
fuel oil
selected applications
stored ill
highest coherence
e noun
parallel intersection
match first
please rephrase
hmm viterbi
second split
dataset contained
clarification requests
duration prediction
advantage gained
description cannot
poor precision
five classifiers
extended predicate
left extraposition
dynamic topic
quantifier notation
counting approach
nps contained
partial parser
two nouns
answer must
altun et
project 1
struc ture
simplified set
standard entry
two simple
conclusions concerning
common properties
patterns represent
category correspondences
john ga
general implications
taghva et
issues considered
formula 4
distance bounds
frame dictionary
coke headquarters
vo distribution
predicate voice
component subgraphs
que l
frame tree
chinese spoken
single parses
policy generated
expert witness
line bilingual
first text
translation dictionaries
precision measure
learning step
character pair
negative samples
time feature
better measures
target charts
greater robustness
tag first
top clause
powerful pattern
two kind
right modifiers
individual author
empathy hierarchy
peter jackson
reference using
parse suspension
tl tokens
younger algorithm
capture much
hillary rodham
provide flexible
dec 2060
contain entries
name coreference
per search
parsing guided
various phenomena
syntax acquisition
input categories
discrete probability
several ten
author wishes
grammaire en
robust fashion
lexlcal items
medical concepts
research design
heuristic parsing
root pair
sufficient flexibility
successful integration
generating concise
though see
question sentence
separate trees
collocational relations
christiansen et
token class
pos node
field trials
desired language
slot may
concept detector
input trees
pattern b
path coreference
audio quality
dark gray
argumentative aspects
otherwise r
relevant texts
precise statement
james parker
phrase could
common reason
target entities
specific sense
major phrase
facto standards
viterbi alignments
find noun
run data
jan marie
system development
air flight
extracting parallel
valuable insights
within system
2 gigabytes
contextual rules
point made
pos trigrams
cant bleu
matching data
precision loss
17 attributes
information format
nist mt
primary source
extraction module
size without
role patterns
bound b
sense boundary
multiple vq
parser achieved
system begins
parsing community
morphology tools
hearer whether
mbl algorithms
alternative might
different goal
referential objects
translational distribution
kanji string
inflectional formatives
suitable set
significance level
succeeding sentences
likely reason
su x
possible utterances
recursive algorithm
operation edit
aktionsart features
involves defining
test criterion
alistair knott
process language
diagnostic units
constraint provided
kh2 test
thread structure
clustering problem
root identification
chosen features
simplified system
case u
smallest class
words relevant
parsing issues
average length
specific standard
japanese conditionals
defined word
structure sensitive
tree property
similar topics
fictional narrative
2 proper
require separate
base built
history frame
potential assignments
distance 0
whose reference
stack associated
attribute expressions
similar approaches
error weights
user becomes
name table
conceptual instance
g1 must
anaphorie references
parent tree
probability tag
annotated treebank
amino acids
whereas figure
matches one
net formalism
propbank annotation
tags generated
units whose
de repr6sentation
multiple equivalents
manual analysis
boolean descriptions
mechanical errors
preceding tag
geometric names
length since
auxiliary procedures
tag nouns
tagset design
tipster cm
pseudo relevance
many uses
ni aru
basic test
referent may
several ideas
given sublanguage
oriented discourse
facts may
another benefit
material consisted
framework developed
manual determination
sense list
various methods
feature v
analyzer contains
field may
last mention
additional attributes
a1 a3
complex requests
called attention
accompanying picture
clause tree
overfitting occurs
disambiguation consists
recognizes strings
related facts
completed constituent
f orm
provides explicit
evaluation rule
experimental techniques
smooth shifting
relational concept
true cognates
k preceding
1 bar
one shift
word individually
possible relationship
probable corrections
adjectival noun
semantic objects
subsequent utterances
damaged ship
versus text
induce models
probability among
annotator 3
program made
large lexicon
ontology consists
bracketed version
previous information
combined rule
null graph
worse result
usually cannot
recognition problems
terminology work
4 letters
file also
partial evaluation
latter solution
default strategy
coherent semantic
second portion
radio talk
dialogue starts
pooling method
extracts item
applications involving
post context
term effort
predictive analysis
metric properties
data based
coordinate construction
noun combination
black dots
ambiguity specialist
next section
motivated rules
correction technique
candidates according
2 substrings
destination entry
connective may
per cent
return pops
small test
generate candidates
strategy called
chinese retrieval
total size
american society
natural grouping
months ago
john made
practical relevance
relationship map
mechanisms within
bilingual alignment
secondary effect
enough corpora
hector database
6 models
intelligent interface
level representation
valuable contribution
reception desk
trivial rule
three fields
achieved word
automatic labelling
contrastive evaluation
word usage
factorial number
alternative approach
test essay
representation indicating
10 iterations
understander must
explanation generated
basic paradigms
examine system
preposition list
subcategorization information
bound within
several applications
words senses
27 times
web validation
within words
genotype analogues
sentence rather
local entropy
practical arguments
significant indicators
different specific
separate tokens
line algorithm
level mechanism
another elementary
automatic extension
examples give
calculating similarities
adjunction probabilities
grouping words
interactive negotiation
contain similar
approaches including
distinct meanings
available collection
function returns
process whose
general phenomena
de construire
textual translation
systems working
including answer
answer finding
nominal dependents
condition implies
gf grammar
special difficulty
tree specified
current functor
information copied
using st
limited resources
three year
add something
formula holds
generic use
recognition units
individual corpus
better document
valid model
experimental stimuli
internal clause
dimension reduction
lexical selectional
theory offers
relevant entries
concluding section
since distributional
vocabulary sets
path occurs
insensitive input
compounding words
planned text
systems primarily
three performance
phrase retrieval
intermediate outputs
nmltimodal parsing
weighted averages
many prepositions
procedure followed
disambiguated versions
processing would
grammar taken
access code
times faster
specific generalizations
system result
abstracts extracted
1992 b
acl meeting
either kind
types combination
help answer
string satisfies
correlation principle
third variant
different sample
new style
database instead
inductive inference
dependent node
target pattern
erg lexicon
six sentences
introducing constraints
lexicon lex
des r
verbs vl
transformational analysis
also answer
pronunciation rules
axiom set
semantic modeling
free use
r 7
limits constraint
predicative position
control groups
produced descriptions
citation functions
sentence 4
declarative utterances
tagging sequences
speech used
three pre
words instead
function tags
salience within
feature filtering
semantic similarity
another sentence
individual records
trained corpus
potential de
long state
longest right
entries consisting
active research
merlo et
madcow sites
filled pauses
predicted tags
realization components
car loans
approach proposed
standard phenomena
probability matrices
slight abuse
branch number
head concepts
version 0
ambiguous attach
one preposition
parameter optimization
nlc system
allen 1994
common architecture
many conditions
word id
category g
corner cupboard
three tests
des langages
return 1
pronominalization decisions
desired relation
diverse languages
primary component
structure selector
general methods
jekat et
test matrix
chunking performance
content chunks
systems focused
adaptive language
tagging approaches
total distance
evaluation paradigm
multilingual named
positive root
parser successfully
programming based
intermediate representation
size limit
word results
constituent combination
x axis
hand alignments
research areas
root segments
highest individual
present treatment
verbmobil task
multiplying probabilities
belief spaces
natural representation
fertility words
coercing predicates
different topic
transition information
bar schema
early days
initial representation
structure 1
allow gaps
binding framework
two viewpoints
metrics must
tdus system
lawyers spoke
evaluate two
local chart
big set
logic programruing
object request
occurrence distributions
collocational behavior
turn leads
encode arbitrary
take english
known alternate
constraint transformation
slow parsing
discourse planner
ambiguity resolution
constraint says
functions h
value slot
global probabilities
twelve features
business users
generation tools
different parse
based stemming
prosody module
context strings
lexicalized noun
xtag system
linguistic deduction
independent annotations
adjustment ratios
inclusion relation
natural mechanism
words xi
dominance schemata
question answer
ultimate source
block size
initiative changes
dialogue corpus
et enfin
appropriate fillers
handle left
related factors
decoding framework
making queries
event chains
mixture models
unix pipes
classi cation
les termes
information mapping
good impression
example provides
analyses correspond
data better
function mapping
expansion procedure
approach treats
grant dcr
greedy fashion
axiom system
cursory inspection
mike yesterday
supervised corpus
user actions
human translated
times two
turn could
resolution relies
works rely
speed improvement
various topics
sentence network
form input
unique entry
semantic contexts
terminological expressions
lexicon include
dollar bill
phonological research
flgure 1
distributed information
grammar design
tant que
small portions
cognitive situation
dialogue state
coding length
algorithm outperforms
standard methods
generation without
supervised approach
baldewein et
clausal subject
words formed
suitable syntax
web searches
contains multiple
possible relation
meaningful categories
pooled clusters
implicit questions
remains difficult
one translation
conversational description
questions asked
closure property
many translations
countries may
sentential theory
element types
xtract uses
student may
interaction problems
respective positions
although word
elements could
meaning paraphrases
primary concern
additional steps
cannot create
style chart
idiosyncratic interpretations
tags consist
several research
polish preposition
accepted standard
one path
contrast sentences
satisfied preferences
based access
quantitative metrics
english teachers
vbn vbd
storage level
voting techniques
using dice
additional syntactic
template whose
voting weights
technical nature
different clauses
letter accuracy
xml format
accent rule
authored summaries
occur anywhere
defined model
assignment accuracy
using strings
1988 wall
search graph
deficient languages
spoken mode
words filling
line corresponds
dramatic differences
learning law
en l
nominal heads
topic forwarding
alternative version
relevant incidents
using thesauri
see jackendoff
individual files
six sites
set called
pronunciation variants
arity k
new treatment
previous position
jelinek model
classific ation
context pos
textual boundary
dialogue behavior
ner problem
recognized speech
related cases
meaningful answers
document surrogate
incorrect data
addressee prediction
another known
basic clause
containing noun
al 1985
task models
program converts
term abstraction
ontological category
vital concepts
ways similar
instantiation process
following proposition
verb indicates
collocational substrings
german newspaper
q represents
157 sentences
effort aimed
shortest message
concept corresponds
search parameters
consistency constraints
one band
contexts could
linguistic kss
meeting database
steve pulman
template library
state dialogue
nuclearity status
major subsystems
de forme
language qa
imposes two
slippery slope
algorithm computes
pair v
entire computation
syntax models
problems related
specific forms
software used
several variations
order formulas
50 tokens
cette recherche
three meanings
pattern length
machine problem
default concerns
sentential head
correct condition
vectors generated
change state
replace verb
cilin sense
margin classifiers
small table
distinguishing values
identification via
set represents
disambiguating verbs
successfully combines
full translation
previous partial
jianfeng gao
atomic expressions
boundaries indicated
gross structure
operate without
identi er
representation method
corpus increases
tion systems
possible summaries
sequences occur
text schema
wordnet information
witas dialogue
deriving probabilities
tbl tagger
initial design
scores resulting
dictionaries differ
pattern describes
illustrative purposes
c n
functional anaphors
specific distributions
mode using
guo jia
gpsg framework
compiled lisp
good application
environment adaptation
use grammars
system comprises
token segmentation
special lexicon
communicative functions
exact information
chunks derived
score computation
numerical estimation
small clause
performed worse
built structure
result holds
unseen instances
da classification
including recognition
un mot
tables present
cued recall
tape finite
answer phrases
retrieval mechanism
poorer results
length queries
k p
usually signals
modifier pairs
coherent fashion
existing terms
issues mentioned
viterbi n
lexicon provides
future direction
target phoneme
nl input
mechanism presented
valuation v
isolated examples
partial set
numbers indicate
frames approach
alignment algorithm
conditioning word
various lexicons
particular object
unification rules
null verb
rapid evolution
ambiguous name
become acceptable
syntax selection
objects denoted
np category
driven strategy
q follows
articles provided
modification matrix
actual verbs
goal x
resource trees
sequent rules
reduced grammar
ordering operators
a10 a4
current text
performance cws
discourse focus
lhe sentence
incremental model
italian corpora
serious condition
predicative patterns
third number
computational treatments
joint plan
include word
12 shows
step replaces
query strings
excellent example
expressions cannot
motivate us
001 level
particular algorithms
space theory
medline citations
remaining cases
worse results
en pattie
later phases
mouse pointing
new episode
structural case
theoretical base
reports whether
path equations
term probability
0b features
accurate name
similar feature
presupposition failure
specific utterance
following choices
simple de
similar examples
appropriate way
stuart shieber
makes proper
system involving
general topics
context means
correct expression
intermediate syntax
act modeling
abbreviatory conventions
manipulating data
mean ratings
appropriate dimension
big brown
center transition
repetition kernel
lines correspond
intuitively corresponds
public license
triphone analysis
right classification
particular node
target context
single grammatical
generation forest
using parser
double rooms
process encounters
mml criterion
arity prolog
rudimentary form
normalized entropy
percent improvement
relations possible
since objects
routine may
estimates obtained
major issues
task may
grammar routine
honorific contexts
handle certain
travel conversation
rst column
multiple descriptions
semantic discrepancies
another answer
two name
exerting force
message body
mr james
88 test
oriented editor
biomedical domains
satisfaction using
context extracted
based approaches
two plans
across part
unbounded process
identical elements
acoustic training
whose operations
feature occurrences
strong expression
hypernym pairs
thus contributes
communication requires
concatenate two
get comparable
pc version
dramatic increase
singular feminine
repair targets
one boundary
confidence score
categorial formalisms
called p
syntactic entities
studies focus
technical writers
q f
typical ways
side effect
2 rn
characteristics associated
escape event
organization names
interactive approaches
document refers
count alone
high precision
crossing configurations
root lexicon
direct matching
cooccurrence data
interrogative pronoun
gene ids
image schemata
anaphor resolver
causal consequences
type transducers
rules specifically
disambiguated occurrences
entropy parser
categorization experiments
amsler 1980
text applications
different root
various software
user generally
nodes corresponds
final summary
depends entirely
numbe r
distributions generated
set f
chris mellish
valency slot
sentence alignment
oov terms
3 result
relevant question
individual prepositions
parsing texts
following subjects
script roles
situation 3
system results
labelling system
x takes
perceived proximity
verb pses
rouge may
sources may
entry parser
egg et
taxonomic structure
system introduced
class separately
rule mentioned
english nist
network also
lexical preferencing
lemma 2
first relation
domain goal
adjunct precedence
process models
bracketed texts
one list
several muc
sentence proceeds
carlo method
interpretation document
empire est
ground level
global reordering
dimensional context
information proposed
deductive component
grammar matches
linear formulae
shorter utterances
uses ibm
e explicit
function proposed
indexicals like
formal representation
treats migraine
like head
algorithm always
real parser
scope decisions
da vinci
phenomena whose
graph match
anaphor types
local contextual
parsing failures
many clusters
positive constraints
johnson 2002
alignment ambiguities
penn functional
information slot
scientific papers
judge 4
sum rules
document archives
enough time
specific theory
linguistic conventions
branch 2
produces reasonable
finir un
assumption c
simple texts
level index
object information
new property
transition x
online sources
formal mechanism
algorithm assigned
mesh thesaurus
stem vowel
verb concepts
goal formation
techniques mentioned
equi rule
ne expressions
category descriptions
implicit features
aligned results
computer goal
cannot unify
english microelectronics
enough speech
given parts
frames files
hat er
billion word
state 0
available word
american express
certain application
possible models
uni ed
predicate must
collocation patterns
methods employed
extracted compound
russian form
nonterminal state
radical differences
prior art
matching may
unlike rule
spanning analysis
difficult issue
phrasal lexical
cover sentences
noun num
lexical np
determining tile
since similarity
run first
sample consisting
pair frequencies
prominent features
focus shifts
second crf
insufficient data
represented grammar
activation action
et p
separate corpus
semantic studies
every parent
let eg
name span
testing text
length less
tag name
three user
privacy legislation
syn subcat
based preference
privacy act
effects occur
heavily favors
final error
gram assumption
headed phrase
horizontal component
main objectives
descriptions made
syntactic co
nagao 1984
semantic variables
requires non
illinois institute
resulting partition
good success
korean phrase
sentences occur
labeled c
automatic translator
several collections
rule r2
entailment system
explicit focus
database view
inherent parallelism
specific purposes
conceptual expectations
medicinal properties
important notion
phrase position
different countabilities
machine running
separate state
made clearer
using evaluation
represents something
minimum tll
work applies
original research
time windows
generates expectations
ideational specification
w n
logical query
cant number
input state
potential model
entries relevant
written genres
reaching agreement
en oeuvre
often split
joint project
problems including
specific head
simulation results
partial words
linguistic events
dual use
conditioning event
feature case
study consists
following greedy
vectors consist
possible selection
following completion
constant n
human actors
different anaphoric
also draw
correct alignment
entropy weighting
assumptions concerning
researchers using
assign structure
value representing
briefly show
basic philosophy
sites could
current metrics
sentence error
data entries
extraordinarily diverse
translated document
system resources
head noun
rule 4b
equation 4
local needs
research centers
direction finder
context value
cigarette filters
grouping related
chodorow 1992
role noun
learner method
jim took
substitution expression
relevant propositions
big role
identifying problems
contexts requiring
perform multi
representation associated
formal study
generated fi
sufficient set
model applies
segment one
activation spreading
rules gives
document needs
would share
directly measure
sense classes
net analysis
trips dialogue
kit 1992
communicator system
trees depending
lexicon built
phonetic alphabets
present evidence
enjoy reading
andez et
marker pair
word stands
severe constraints
matching passages
screen size
possible reorderings
method also
nikl model
brackets indicate
existing collection
alignment function
general spoken
work aimed
overall match
token generation
interpret sentences
many degrees
speech corpora
new dictionary
word connection
trec 2003
syntactic pattern
new tree
general software
another annotator
null guistic
venn diagram
obvious drawbacks
highest range
set described
phrase x
repair speech
feature g
typical surface
please repeat
former kind
close tags
complexity becomes
reflect properties
edit machines
various feature
approaches perform
defense advance
entity appears
process novel
various examples
gives quick
second noun
grammar part
frame parsing
perform machine
assumption allows
traveler task
scoring problem
single round
hpsg theory
monosemous words
english transfer
annotation techniques
anchor positions
subsumption relationships
correct query
corresponding regions
following functions
additional specific
metaphoric knowledge
improved method
de comprendre
require time
associated frequencies
independent existential
directly supports
level increases
1 systems
vectorial representation
marker identification
evaluation material
detecting ees
standard gb
sailing expedition
program text
location nouns
thus incorporate
repair factor
test subsets
sniper corpora
rich men
language similarity
procedure ensures
query evaluation
flight times
frequency phrases
interactive software
considers four
back mechanism
supertag path
planning framework
conventional inference
parse strings
qlf formalism
helpful information
mappings may
desired target
basic search
algorithms achieve
mentions refer
six pairs
verb hierarchy
joint weights
words taken
microsoft speech
noun e
first encounters
several combination
paper dictionary
particular occurrences
messages received
smoothed model
predicate true
known applications
annotation unit
fighter aircraft
primary measures
bp pattern
grammar code
contained strings
whose pronunciation
semantic attribute
grammar checker
morphological codes
xrce finite
adaptive models
voice communication
representing time
terrorist act
tobi annotation
sentence comprehension
one specifies
following n
ranking summaries
lexical mapping
observed count
said bill
models would
information quality
possible universes
dynamic web
criterion function
trec 2001
francis kubala
statistical ir
lexicons automatically
statistical estimation
outgoing arc
extensive list
language speakers
designated training
additional sample
term generation
representing speech
length semantic
thesaurus navigator
status report
cannot model
e p
practice since
separate files
minor extensions
rule vector
derived entry
interlinguas based
little man
entropy value
input files
looking center
inference using
extract nps
dialogue must
ife process
coreferential noun
categorize documents
whole analysis
2 entries
semantic orientations
database server
legal move
matched strings
article addresses
case consistency
initial disambiguation
candidate collection
modeling negotiation
level ot
negation may
rate associated
smaller sizes
filtering stage
accuracy accuracy
requiring hand
across analysts
scene model
disjunctive specification
presentational relation
scaling domain
identifies whether
categorial parser
user presses
metadata elements
parser using
ambiguity using
acoustic sequence
transform obtained
mm l
linguistic characterization
best matching
routes les
cl c2
six scripts
every np
final category
particularly salient
defined operators
heavy syllables
experiments aimed
three sessions
grained word
level morphology
baseline sphinx
lexical enu
qa accuracy
scheme makes
6 subjects
normative corpus
link counts
references produced
size k
decomposition kernels
best map
sst looks
general heuristic
fol lows
possible target
five test
semantic types
language contexts
parsing example
automatic optimization
jim put
itze 1992
linguistic input
output without
let ai
modest performance
benchmark data
approach emphasizes
usually form
templates score
multimedia communication
path map
focus preferences
traduction en
pair 7
result comes
sentence comes
semantic techniques
features include
dialog metrics
eurowordnet database
types e
ringger et
semantic weights
second half
unambiguous string
length may
correction rates
semantic primitive
bikel intricacies
facie evidence
parsing model
chris manning
randomly select
tag vbg
current data
criteria identified
iff x
different constraints
special handling
simple bottom
different article
rwcp corpus
transformational cycle
boosting techniques
database design
phrase formation
hypotheses using
squared difference
representations produced
either n
data prepared
setting sentence
remaining terms
performance reasons
tagged sentence
recognition community
greval corpus
distributed representations
algorithm suggests
following constituents
small development
synset pairs
number value
parliamentary proceedings
honorific attitude
rasta examines
new meaning
point since
different inferences
tile news
original muc
equation holds
mechanism could
order 4
dynamic sense
module handles
data considered
lexical rules
structural descriptions
surface choice
np heads
recursive calculation
serious research
chief among
qualitative analyses
spring 2003
complete paths
recursive grammars
overhead associated
validation suite
manual labor
trigram taggers
given instructions
something special
physical features
phonemic form
general control
n using
select rules
nou n
rule produces
presentation strategies
left element
general feature
simple model
represent concrete
first selection
general examples
spontaneous material
one shot
previous string
context set
estimation criterion
random clustering
burner motor
sopena et
hook trick
actual input
3 results
use unsupervised
constraining parse
japan electronic
la propri
garofolo et
calculated similarity
typical ai
possible extent
phonotactic restrictions
nlp algorithms
identify nodes
particular case
distinct letters
procedure assistant
problem especially
generic level
metadata initiative
produce correct
delay mechanism
information users
korean terms
expected reading
speech bigram
interaction terms
technologies could
general graphical
coordination phenomena
comment 3
legal moves
focus specifically
relative l
incorrect labels
sole svm
n derivations
includes case
enabled applications
based lm
suggestive context
standard retrieval
based feature
nuclear submarine
syntactic chains
schmid et
tree parsing
cf list
center c
rouge metric
important performance
grammar require
multiple joint
repeated ten
adequate amount
purpose mt
russian machine
expressions belong
argument generator
shorter summaries
initial investigations
null search
probability obtained
javox grammars
checks agreement
psycholinguistic literature
05 significance
oracle performance
order condition
medical terminologies
answer sentences
polynomial time
local costs
open test
sense pair
stw system
scope problem
patterns related
model accuracy
type fi
alternation features
message units
parsers developed
standard control
best da
concept dog
effective snr
unrestricted english
transfer axis
arrange things
interactive graphical
syntactic relationships
philipp koehn
extra burden
next problem
large improvements
layer structure
processing stages
using set
b refers
target constituent
ce qui
verbal cue
current projects
recognizer acoustics
information representing
batch size
extracting relevant
function representing
results tend
le premier
duplicate detection
top results
remain similar
wordsense disambiguation
sequential labeling
larger ones
morphemes using
include question
action intended
quantitative models
manual adjustments
effective measure
cow raced
indeed lead
syntactic context
word description
style annotations
saved actions
german terms
alias list
laboratory experiments
one conflict
numerous systems
relative complement
entire evaluation
evaluation standards
selected antecedents
particular argument
total vocabulary
three respects
simple bracketing
logic puzzles
coefficient vectors
customer segments
describe structures
sense identification
text databases
operation takes
subject domain
course also
single room
encoding standard
story detection
also contributes
hand conjunct
different ners
multiple realizations
noise sources
reverse completion
parsed results
performance point
measure associated
disambiguation precision
concept representing
tim sentence
variant spellings
brill 1994
transparent reading
mean whether
penn english
content structures
extensive investigation
evaluator normalization
document appears
binary choice
alignments within
recognition based
increase word
quechua form
new tag
additional references
preposition pair
level domains
experimental design
personal pronouns
instruction corresponding
construction inventory
index attribute
tile concept
produces higher
denote two
situation use
score evaluation
rules applicable
pair g
pairs show
completed dialogues
short phrases
text collections
event information
financial transaction
testing data
size 3
one kernel
lexical variants
identical syntactic
elements x
feature gi
unknown part
style evaluations
hensley west
evaluation run
interpolated estimation
language education
1 applies
translation disambiguation
predefined patterns
propagation method
verb noun
separate conditions
describe actions
applicability semantics
tense plur
notation proposed
lingpipe 2
grained event
arbitrary size
random binary
splitting rule
input conditions
respective translations
boolean formulas
weight function
segments might
ann arbor
gold labels
mapping table
europarl data
constant cost
melt frozen
pragmatic viewpoint
professional human
nonmonotonic constructions
language consisting
add structure
clusters tend
determinizing finite
translation part
even attempt
using system
common stems
increased emphasis
unit production
guided composition
speaker signals
desirable effect
parse evaluation
software designs
also inserts
small result
third template
6 n
homecentre corpus
new order
mind uses
textual object
limited language
edge covers
tile associated
derive semantic
relevant axioms
controlled np
performance continues
first sum
escape character
robustness problems
line breaks
new vocabulary
igure 4
fundamental frequency
energy parameter
related somehow
hidden structure
data trained
give insight
predicate phrases
propagation learning
latent information
subtree search
feature descriptions
certain activities
copying mechanism
constraints reduce
involves separating
inequality constraints
first target
de plan
traditional search
eaten grandmothers
source length
fourth component
tree structured
structured discourse
adjectives like
proper case
memory vectors
reasonable answers
large proportion
tagger cannot
including verb
greatly enhances
larger impact
node u
shen et
allows either
phoneme specification
overlapping repairs
different web
passive type
contains complex
taxonomy tree
comparable sentences
kurohashi et
reducing word
evaluation without
messy details
research stage
good ways
nf kappa
four strategies
procedure consisting
k denoting
major drawbacks
entropy system
set parameter
act types
several subtasks
findings described
x ranges
level loop
presentation task
sign recognition
conversion modules
sets available
communications commission
relational table
possible alignments
often violate
explanation plans
generate phrase
human usage
alternative phrases
allocation rules
le journal
translations may
tile particular
directly use
japanese case
word succession
gives examples
context words
true collocations
row corresponds
cue patterns
numeric values
form elements
media object
additional root
r ah
relative counts
vague information
idf matching
external sandhi
automatic program
hypertext pages
called hubs
tree definitions
correctness sense
meaning might
19 instances
user learning
score value
improvements due
simple question
simpler algorithm
contextual resolution
de rijke
sentences ill
rule driven
citation indexes
phone durations
way comparison
governing words
entity contains
graphemic parsing
cannot really
inference schemas
three classification
philosophy underlying
syllable words
narrative fields
higher amount
example problem
features beyond
law text
edinburgh eh1
arquez et
identifies one
precision level
three letters
clustering space
modeling sequences
graphical presentation
fixation durations
semantic typing
similar parts
actual program
voting mechanism
existing word
like yes
original formula
linguistic tool
la logique
uses part
rst type
publication date
unpaid volunteers
cognitive systems
method worked
obvious question
anchoring process
incorrectly predicts
linguistic ambiguity
utterance cost
n bits
functions also
judgement set
high rate
identify text
demographic information
speaking time
parallel event
signal relations
entity level
infinitive complements
target information
reference transcripts
de variables
language variables
implicitly con
individual phrases
dp would
become salient
a38a40a39 sysint
determine syntactic
classifier also
mexico city
linguistic discourse
varies across
row marked
rome laboratory
query system
task completion
using ptb
class number
right singular
paraphrase problem
complex query
change dynamically
target token
mappin g
name even
common subject
contain conjunctions
modeling approaches
free wordorder
20k words
2 motivates
datr theory
features fi
prime number
auxiliary structures
fast data
j element
default constraints
strict distinction
user specify
english candidate
next comma
using words
statistics related
number system
rule instantiation
hybrid parsing
long phrases
status information
clear relationship
choice tasks
among documents
traditional arabic
category included
reverse direction
word belongs
5 system
richer context
prefers longer
achieve lower
head crossings
1200 lines
minor revisions
different sense
clustering methods
theories using
experiment evaluating
functions involved
evidence derived
current leaf
transfer program
reply string
sense ordering
wide use
question verb
weak classifiers
corpus constructed
default inferences
pse instances
local neighborhood
annotation agreement
sense differences
horizontal center
aussi des
phrase attached
vocabulary task
query reformulation
tag assigned
exact string
comlex frames
false evaluations
distribution based
investigate using
corresponding terminal
sounds good
angle bracket
level problems
automatic discourse
cfg framework
integrates various
excludes certain
lower r
largest probability
102 categories
one object
patterns including
possible choices
target compound
backward combination
experiments carried
overall accuracies
word utterances
semantic strength
mark coreference
virtual sentences
textual transcription
feature consists
languages tend
compare system
topic feature
mt context
phonetic distance
des programmes
one gesture
human results
links made
r pcb
marker lexicon
different standard
pull together
events together
parallel treebanks
best structure
moment time
average vo
direct extension
queries expressed
name tagging
one frame
vector approach
tile arguments
open clause
routine functions
best tagging
also incorporate
leaf classes
inequality constraint
patterns appear
plural distinction
given noun
corpora needs
original english
basic usage
negative aspect
control returns
vector state
means clause
science literature
generic segmenter
lasie system
predefined concepts
obtain dependency
specific devices
common vertex
natural flow
computing recall
result showing
flexible collocations
prolog database
quality assessment
g represent
transfer takes
search begins
previous literature
log f
tone system
section heading
therefore plan
word compositional
entry words
summarization filter
oov word
lord dunsmore
appropriate dependency
computed value
hector senses
herrera et
hand parse
appropriate templates
particular properties
formal morphology
nlg purposes
keystroke savings
holy grail
sentences randomly
word language
propbank framesets
left corners
similarity ranges
filtering approach
transfer ambiguity
yellow pages
centering information
parenthetical material
information exists
violent acts
protocol analysis
dialogue phrases
identifying terms
sentence captions
level units
real words
en les
possible quantifier
program found
uniform architectures
secondary types
process gives
every slot
tile shortest
pseudo equations
two caveats
ambiguities pending
useful alternative
temperley 1991
brackets delimit
one account
tennis player
lowest weight
biomedical terms
time noun
require external
rule r
certain ways
journalistic writing
son cousin
clausal category
nonterminal leaves
query words
lexical tone
location name
possible subjects
good extraction
lexical tones
session represent
phonological specifications
respective clusters
sequence number
related modules
words part
good correspondence
mathematical component
linked node
exterior ext
successive steps
forme suivante
hahn 1996
binary parameters
multiple annotators
new observations
turn repair
perfect agreement
unique feature
full frame
union set
better speech
aspect expression
recursive analysis
korean term
number words
2 ice
particular reason
pretty princess
results seem
unbounded extension
filter combination
short source
token trigram
true sentence
useful basis
distributional regularities
every action
5 words
build classifiers
essential task
correlate strongly
situation appears
intensional entities
persuasive discourse
ea believes
chain 2
coreference outcome
reviews using
computational phonology
hoc way
memm model
mention a43
utterance topic
symbol 1
meeting time
always mark
high speaker
useful guidelines
allow accommodation
writers produce
significance score
interesting possibilities
punctuation tag
matches 1
inferences using
performance since
unparsed words
project 3
sentence analyses
cannot reject
similar concepts
march 1982
vector th
contains two
sentence ei1
waiter give
action instances
vector comparisons
rule marks
one occurence
evidence within
meeting speech
free translation
basic id
corrected form
higher r
resource sensitivity
recognize r
different frequency
developers need
finding tile
metaphorical relations
free path
event x
subtask segmentation
leftmost word
right transition
similar vein
tree obtained
larger nlp
tile choice
matching functions
phrases encountered
frame corresponds
virtual prototype
first proposition
grained crc
experimental materials
full account
difficult disambiguation
basic results
comparison structures
domain dimension
seven cases
idea consists
strong distinction
reranking tasks
space size
set pu670g
fl words
disambiguation programs
possible concatenations
good theory
parser essentially
current selection
functional uncertainty
corpus might
tile q
word numbers
parameter class
collaborative model
robust explanation
common layer
difficult part
mutual relationships
marker would
contain quite
tile addition
root non
trees given
american corpus
thesaurus automatically
restricted case
language techniques
different generalizations
high error
including hand
adjacency tree
provide specific
output stream
resignation yesterday
calcul des
object string
categorial system
operations using
word literal
average speed
structural realizations
standard output
symbol derives
singleton variable
arbitrary length
qlf analysis
ranking procedure
statistical translation
various parts
compound unit
identification systems
yield quite
dictionary becomes
aac users
form class
japanese lexicon
errors present
total parsing
whether noise
manual pre
domain constraints
level intentions
order approximation
message might
word acquisition
novel application
x et
generate binary
special emphasis
matching n
set parses
grammatical structure
natural units
remaining modules
comparative adjectives
entire system
recurring patterns
thought would
effective use
different transitions
conceptual paradigms
sbd task
signature method
voice data
sentence serves
dog like
many predicates
temporal parameters
agents make
grammatical tagging
linguistic complexity
variation mode
verify whether
structure describing
reference interpreter
actual referent
agglomerative method
discriminant analysis
minor adaptations
predictive performance
training methodology
song surprised
complex category
document contains
like size
anlt lexicon
language unit
english ones
rule database
important material
gram terms
list representation
phrases generally
also hand
base entry
tree t2
second challenge
topics using
discover additional
form ph
simulated soccer
search result
right chart
several indicators
performance dramatically
represent three
a21 a9
75 percent
believe may
rst attempt
rule used
house red
work together
online dictionary
local level
flickinger 1987
discriminatory power
4 kb
program generated
memory systems
sgml parser
john flew
phrase immediately
existing model
one pair
order variations
error code
edit operations
research might
unknown form
document level
contractors ltd
pointing action
additional constraints
distributional word
plan shown
word shape
space within
john say
summary quality
correct analyses
formal domains
individual source
argument c
raw counts
ambiguous location
mit atis
relation denoted
concept analysis
personal translator
support systems
automated system
year research
name spotting
sentence ich
selection processes
tokenized text
positional particle
descriptive case
subject honorifics
techniques used
extracted paraphrases
indicator variable
pietra 1996
p b
procedures applied
right figure
arg sujet
aggregation step
set subtrees
ho et
new parsing
belief whose
two simpler
overlapping set
performs syntactic
appropriate substitution
initial contributions
syntactic constituent
one correspondences
author gratefully
component types
clause corresponds
multimedia data
abstract concept
given purpose
substructure operation
many sites
conditionally generates
le mot
distribution de
taking profit
latter tend
corresponding path
multiword expressions
model together
related word
control rules
functor categories
knowledge organization
occurrence distance
stage 2
retrieval problems
zero weight
surface verb
flat tree
qui peuvent
resource conditions
les arguments
enron email
new hypotheses
target x
senseval training
certain surface
statistic model
two explanation
system belongs
formula represents
embedded quantifiers
wsj texts
strong cues
predict possible
salsa project
standard split
equivalent concept
called objects
correction procedures
packed sd
results together
monotonic logic
category distinctions
partial hierarchies
grammar productions
information interact
iteration 1
prepositions within
28 word
scor e
target sstc
le cheval
answer pairs
5 percentage
initial stage
rm2 test
modifying elements
systems follow
current moment
rich theory
ahnost certainly
corresponding function
fp shall
word relation
color histograms
relations ri
conversational interaction
returned document
unclassified sentence
level phrase
word penalty
verbal complementation
default sense
monitoring system
folic acid
system utterances
domain lexica
account contextual
labelled w
speaker intent
wordnet links
first quantifier
26 repairs
based kernels
application software
xue xiao
step four
scheme must
mouse actions
nl class
possible n
pair consists
factors listed
expression rather
definitional qa
better alternative
whose structures
company car
different subclasses
ccg supertagging
entire words
driven inferences
geographic entities
major question
performance data
description corresponding
single entities
engine query
versus low
discuss related
thematic grid
restoration approach
minor pauses
path extension
authoring view
id f
surge input
friendly user
speech interface
coding format
formula e
oriented generation
structure coefficient
research contract
acceptable strings
attribute indicating
relevant document
current target
users seem
atis trees
modal dialogue
lose sight
short sentences
network requires
particular computational
include cross
general patterns
completeness condition
paragraph 1
entity translation
analysis assigns
tree corresponds
derivation move
composition module
point association
help systems
les comptages
children learning
natural reading
language rely
minor importance
link nominals
corner parsing
line ontology
may output
recent progress
string languages
also systems
system language
subjective nature
singular agreement
domain constraint
groups 5
ones whose
quality collocations
conditions must
eos model
best response
different subset
sister languages
approach one
nouns associated
different forms
lambda form
contains 14
category formulas
general logic
new world
proposed user
whose actions
successor relation
enabling users
percentage increase
vocal terminal
bpas representing
pecof tries
broader concepts
constraints specific
remaining word
structures resulting
common network
data vector
section 5
concept ontology
word summaries
relation tagging
keyword dictionary
conventional sequential
first building
six corpora
per scenario
observations could
dictionary structures
allows feature
information whether
various concepts
cannot cross
et ali
argument allows
null besides
knowitall system
link classes
procedure selects
appropriate antecedent
cn patterns
group senses
true answer
incorrect plans
contain parallel
lexical anchor
separate phrases
muc 3
value one
string c1
per language
theoretical grounds
take l
knowledge specification
fixed phrase
irregular constructions
wordnet orders
case nominative
psycholinguistic knowledge
using ps
distances may
combining scores
certain purposes
first agent
korean texts
noun l
depends crucially
standard patterns
tags assigned
length equal
objective clues
multilingual dictionary
program relative
method presented
bbn byblos
di torino
possible constituents
several sets
resulting plan
comparing pairs
normal human
interaction word
size 10
generates multiple
sense would
typically represent
da lei
conditional entropy
clustering could
f algorithm
structured annotation
sound mappings
map directly
results point
raising tree
causal links
semantic representation
interface shows
gu piao
intermediate phrase
closure algorithm
property names
test accuracy
model al
sophisticated weighting
left contexts
words express
also simplifies
networks used
formula f
scheduling dialogue
four well
hpsg style
language instead
trees headed
de facto
sentences produce
initial phrase
various aspects
complicated sentences
matched words
meaning definition
structure 3
situation shown
state toolkit
superficial aspects
verb cut
syllable sequences
description uses
error tagset
set valued
60 target
unrestricted sets
constraints upon
proposed extensions
different utterance
coverage achieved
strong feeling
gaussian output
linguistic elements
three content
local mc
es un
segments must
data distribution
simulation language
given module
statistics indicate
la situation
completely random
profitable extensions
level clustering
clues must
syntactic information
derivation moves
30 samples
2002 evaluation
map onto
drs b
constants c
existing question
accurate method
temporal subordinate
slice w
regarding evaluation
grammar makes
getting impatient
response like
phonetic transcriptions
mixing coefficients
resolution systems
case two
produce alternative
slim atmospheric
individual component
acceptance process
additional web
document retrieved
interpreted setting
less resource
event vs
grammars g
also discuss
fine sense
expected term
blue cap
personal writing
audio channel
boolean expression
des traits
town name
noun complement
individual sentences
latin america
reasonable approach
overlapping words
onto word
one ordering
unknown tokens
syntactic alternatives
weighted count
preposition would
tdmt using
constraint h
like ne
method requires
level tagger
corpus version
lisp lists
ai l
discrete distributions
related event
writer dependent
explicit entry
since april
simple cross
planar graph
characteristic tuple
german word
called contexts
using sequences
individual students
simple demonstration
fixed range
recognition model
phrasal similarity
tm may
time module
la traduction
words form
variables z
meaningful clusters
text specifications
left panel
0 rules
long sentences
linguistic annotation
proof units
new efficient
free concatenation
variables v
checking rules
parser show
code length
type parser
level might
10 classes
pattern np
ten seconds
cat framework
phrases indicating
adjective phrase
japanese html
relative chronology
one difficulty
generate meaningful
english categories
different tagsets
hayes 1985
grandparent nodes
alternative possibilities
subsidiary f
case analyzer
single pattern
aan het
stress test
inverse squared
translation stage
essay scoring
x probability
important respects
lenat et
user decide
position 5
two exchanges
query operator
use group
specified domain
result represents
without keywords
nuclear power
vector must
david milward
less computation
southern california
distributional model
montague grammar
listener already
second feedback
physical phenomena
entity boundary
need features
slot fillers
2 cross
isolated noun
parse reranking
mail systems
alternation pattern
need also
semantic study
city name
main claim
sample taken
phone lattices
output generator
possible hypothesis
task focused
verb suffix
ontology alignment
procedure applied
geometric model
brill pos
hearer believes
gem annotation
related example
program first
introducing zeros
next entry
annotated structures
al methods
candidate conceptual
handheld device
line segments
information important
high number
underlying meaning
prediction based
exponential explosion
conversion module
strings would
general concepts
relevant principles
centers list
tables given
domain shows
terminal transition
first n
built discourse
tile test
capture higher
databases based
corpus based
task lies
physical space
expanded set
one argument
similar mechanisms
two restrictions
p null
incorrect due
usp set
john may
assigning structure
probability representing
actual annotation
simpler formalism
candidate scoring
inverted links
generation needs
transfer elements
complete translation
le matin
discourse phenomena
search results
additional sense
align program
parameter smoothing
accurate classifiers
following quantities
similar noun
respective lengths
generalized templates
baseline corpus
material collected
kanji converter
stage statistical
structural distinctions
based presentation
presentation features
predicates taking
phrasal contexts
speak naturally
word models
dialogue component
stage four
water boils
spaces must
subtraction set
initial clustering
include conjunctions
exact number
input encoding
2 distribution
line edition
intensional context
dialogue sentences
derived feature
place various
elegant treatment
self loops
large network
satisfy c
propbank roles
probability calculation
descriptions found
adaptive strategy
text e
baseline approach
ate fish
name description
coherent explanation
internal medicine
argument appears
tasks ranging
inform acts
present algorithm
possible scopes
usually uses
r precision
two news
string potentials
larger variety
translated speech
horizontal dashed
phoneme associations
baseline state
result follows
subjective evaluations
disambiguation query
sentence follows
parses sentences
formula described
two classifiers
theory given
rules propose
earlier discussion
temporal clause
low amount
enhancing device
wonder whether
general aspects
analysis becomes
classification method
works dealing
learning speed
analysts generated
displaced constituent
henceforth abbreviated
classiflcation problem
preprocessing component
page number
stochastic finite
local translation
match reports
lower probabilities
xp chunk
erence chain
smith org
place object
problem types
current proposition
enough domain
soccer game
previous drafts
tile proof
entity file
richard h
individual sites
many investigators
local path
plus g
np a2
frequency pairs
humans interact
percentage would
1 nodes
document translation
analysis due
specific length
instantiated case
understanding part
functional description
example paragraph
depth 5
unsegmented text
reference sources
sb lm
accuracy rates
structured attributes
cyclic rule
word selection
local maximum
eastern region
technical details
reparandum onset
set 6
wants x
involve either
per relation
user rating
robustness issues
unified grammar
subtrees may
silence model
fuzzy match
sequencing information
using preference
sa0 p
also applies
follow relation
real estate
activated nodes
rewards sentences
ground object
user actually
statistical investigation
yields higher
applications may
provided b
marie zag
patch states
orthographic unit
disambiguation error
contributions made
children often
mdp dialogue
final definition
determining focus
scoring orderings
already salient
broader cognitive
p describes
civit torruella
second judge
grammar approach
2004 web
produce enough
systems robust
describe learning
proof reading
occupation probabilities
efe 2002
3 utterances
langage documentaire
process concerns
thai language
given explicit
grammar state
strict definition
100 examples
become aware
new terminal
tokenized data
cache size
center shift
represent states
hyponym extraction
subtrees dominated
time specification
induction results
scoring methods
ne tasks
domain frequency
en g
many pairs
system summaries
textual properties
ratings per
verb p
sparse statistics
posse et
adherent size
generate better
complex analyses
limited extent
synsets connected
sentence f
word reorderings
4 iterations
eventualities described
braceleftbigg 1
candidate remains
two analysers
annotations generated
unl text
heuristic baseline
documents either
html form
f function
differing sets
penguin principle
existing character
successive clauses
also plot
procedure operates
simplest explanation
act representation
avoid considering
distribution model
news dictation
officer celerissimo
parser tries
form passive
tone sequences
new algorithm
found evidence
closure function
accuracy improvement
rule probabilities
context including
morphological means
hidden events
information one
rate dropped
kontext model
deterministic fashion
following way
activation markers
correct nes
month names
listener knows
c1 test
tokens also
similarity smoothing
nist 2003
data driven
previous knowledge
example displays
interaction model
search stops
systems typically
governed prepositions
posterior decoding
chased ate
english multi
syntactical categories
linguistic attributes
modified edit
model type
papers collected
arguments correspond
tagging word
network could
similarity measurement
introduced bill
new proposal
parser depends
effect agreement
numerical score
example entry
assembly code
q denotes
logical definition
paradigmatic morphology
close analysis
distribution similar
cascading application
weather conditions
several person
resulting weights
words caused
expressions correctly
xie hui
callhome corpus
vx vy
several criteria
nouns semantically
underlying order
simple conjunctions
autres langues
ot system
boolean query
chinese organization
rebecca hwa
mt work
bunsetsu whose
den os
two concept
concept one
items already
woman loves
sensitive way
a14 a10
english native
grammar proper
common error
repair domain
textual descriptions
following methodology
deeper representation
beineke et
first possibility
target string
descriptions generated
core pos
single phoneme
worst score
trigger phrase
regina barzilay
strong indicators
selective application
engineering design
1 point
semantic routine
crf recognizer
statistical values
obtained rules
based hierarchy
stock et
algorithm actually
unique patterns
null nodes
english machine
300 lines
static grammar
processing applications
names derived
one lexicon
direct input
passage 1
one thousand
pair included
linguistic environments
generate large
field reports
machine could
typical practice
false ambiguities
learning period
german example
translation relations
a27 a25
ing algorithm
4 terrorism
perform inference
tokens surrounding
achieve real
point clearer
never needs
lui donne
une composition
give insights
proceed incrementally
1 al
em clustering
require domain
prime formulae
identifying word
canonical predicates
causing blockage
subject positions
conjunctive relationship
biomedical texts
association rules
additional transitions
web page
never use
classifier confidence
methodological problem
flexible recognition
vp expansion
chemical reactions
generalized substitution
related conceptual
nev model
corner algorithm
pattern rules
performance relative
positional relationships
actual class
tests discussed
four features
models induced
grammars gi
level issues
whitney u
integer counts
two expectations
based modules
ensure adequate
day natural
dialog metric
classic dice
null la
candidate character
step adj
n depends
correct f
posterior class
abe generalizing
result sets
essential features
single context
verbal predicates
system encounters
ranking strategy
de cat
convergence curves
question triggers
give money
adding punctuation
incomplete noun
similar purpose
classical methods
two pa
electric knowledge
interesting experiments
12 times
althaus et
query assumption
stratificational grammar
scope phenomena
pairs belonging
systematic sound
prep n
different letter
greater penalty
perfect matches
various mechanisms
manager hypothesizes
document boundary
list increases
pass filtered
theory ft
use metaphors
findet und
generation paths
transformed tree
tile table
industrial product
corpus de
employ similar
use tf
various noun
average quality
upuc corpus
skeletal plans
corresponding values
level version
actually works
baseline uses
rewriting steps
parser utilizes
expressions corresponding
new ambiguities
relative frequencies
government agency
class libraries
information using
cf ordering
pattern like
general cognitive
entire sequences
probabilistic automata
sortal compatibility
across conditions
free kernel
complexity associated
subject chunk
john edwards
categories directly
nominalized forms
group average
instrument case
minimum probability
explicit methods
optimal match
bilingual training
final intonation
research must
strong definition
possible competitors
peoples daily
tile clause
reduced dataset
object perspective
classes provide
third section
following approximations
c q
remains valid
new languages
scope underspecification
full afl
volume 30
map units
comlex lexicon
shorter n
taking word
latin alphabets
medical diagnosis
category 4
right turn
believe agent
grammatical constructions
lexicon entry
laboratory speech
branch environment
two ranking
method could
reduced tagset
sampling noise
suf x
described event
backoff rate
rdf model
functional utterances
certain key
wc used
modal integration
translation might
efl translation
date features
weights 1
1 text
lmr tagging
tv n
bracketing guidelines
sophisticated system
representative framework
national fund
measuring system
upper part
variable ui
using newspaper
fragment type
system models
language track
kann ich
events according
typical property
several lemmas
categories onto
finding errors
novel ways
semantic index
several training
discourse topics
class includes
rewriting strategy
ill chinese
short amount
e el
user test
given p
unification using
specialized languages
finite constructions
connected utterances
one reason
provide constraints
speech processes
dependency probabilities
segmentation variation
many taggers
generate texts
typically words
generic frames
de classe
classify three
critical issue
bread slot
part corresponds
form generation
general programming
word identi
one stem
fp users
moral value
roundabout way
file position
certain date
extracting opinion
account balance
element names
paired observations
probabilities also
structure needs
following xml
classification associated
binary search
one sl
genus term
simplest method
similarities among
affix morphology
new product
nacional de
26 words
level based
indispensable component
initial substrings
sentence prediction
experimental stage
document file
arabic verbs
potential parallel
separate component
functional language
authors consider
000 questions
negative emotions
set statistics
closed path
wher e
sets differ
unit matrix
inquiry operator
independent decision
separate sentences
cells containing
short paragraphs
structure reflects
sparse features
problem means
gram word
intelligent essay
node causing
ranking hypothesis
official gene
two wordnet
latter point
concepts directly
clause grammars
text marking
produced error
actee attribute
wordnet 2
duc corpus
article also
distortion factor
tile derivation
80 iterations
primary factor
slot constraint
verbs 2
recognized entity
oov morphemes
subjects could
strategy also
handqa data
pitch patterns
cohort model
templates constitute
osama bin
semantic dependencies
core contribution
automated approaches
large family
jensen 1987
basic familiarity
backo graph
removed coherence
processing research
alternative measures
described model
textbook grammar
metrics used
candidate lexical
absolute sentence
corpus texts
probabilities involved
property makes
detailed steps
additional forms
order retrieve
intended domain
3 relation
pollack et
standard crf
many trec
speech mt
models estimated
atis corpus
one wh
hierarchy must
shorter constituents
use pre
represent case
diverse linguistic
consuming task
telephone speech
replacement match
generic classes
de representation
training templates
modal future
two arguments
statistical wsd
concepts onto
ontologies become
term distributions
b l
initial version
syntactic construct
new function
method identifies
translation corpus
simple r
features represent
mechanisms proposed
600 utterances
csg rules
specific groups
gave examples
character condition
original framework
index finger
whose determiner
syllables per
particular emphasis
take hours
page 2
national standard
full descriptions
extreme would
message texts
expensive knowledge
another route
different potential
brew verb
lexieal item
machine control
internal language
little language
male adult
weight wij
lcs composition
executive management
tree representing
v occurs
que dans
extensive lexicon
require changes
translation approach
domain utterance
language taken
14 years
global changes
problematic category
generatio n
one company
unannotated training
social psychology
general mechanisms
teaching dialogue
occurring dialog
level term
generic object
potential offence
x window
prototypical cases
component outputs
discrimination part
english chunk
specified phonemes
explanatory purposes
overlapping sequences
string values
among language
bracket symbols
typical tree
tim verb
using abstracts
null text
chunk data
establish upper
sign systems
relevant probabilities
distinguish words
database relations
evaluation campaign
mcdonald 1984
general noun
contextual roles
level zero
writing sample
established threshold
standard annotated
15 years
organization model
category expression
conjunctive relation
argument contains
languages since
deleted elements
daughter phrase
extract time
system may
annotators agreed
2 r
definitions based
19 times
wordnet knowledge
french english
data used
unit corresponding
descriptions consist
occurrence restriction
efficiency criteria
identity axiom
reduced form
romanian text
name phenomenon
examine possible
compare individual
prolog unit
users want
automatic syntactic
example space
nl generation
unique aspects
speaker independent
correct prediction
system distinguishes
microplanning rules
2 experiments
press news
increased noise
stress robustness
sentences usually
word frequently
results somewhat
fundamental step
rhs would
replacing non
null rithm
transformation x
building better
precise sense
human language
preceding analysis
free object
vocabulary lists
use certain
noun n1
unsatis able
argument level
classical approaches
taxonomical information
times w
equivalent test
individual pairs
actual syntactic
call forth
level segmentations
parser interpreter
test items
lee et
parser alone
retrieval community
perl script
environment protection
participant plays
dominating factor
always accurate
identify nouns
domain oriented
thank michael
second advantage
real examples
analysis assigned
fitting procedure
rates ranging
reduction technique
global ones
object marker
instantiated descriptions
generative capacity
dutch die
probabilistic ones
normalized counts
entity kernel
substantial increases
published dictionaries
female models
topic hierarchy
based curve
hapax legomenon
efficient processing
means two
structures el
individual paragraphs
height h
topical network
phrases associated
dialog agent
parse preference
two tiers
resolves ambiguities
elliptical questions
output c
large variations
concrete domain
every atomic
translation proper
consistency within
raw score
term extraction
approach builds
morphological processor
expressions defined
term correspondence
smooth transition
arrest scenario
good style
probabilities produced
frequent usage
expansion along
morphology level
inverse index
references available
grid theory
cell b
coordinate system
lsp system
letter equivalent
building referring
score buffer
volume 13
performance equivalent
response class
definite reference
grammaticalization cline
phrasal scope
many machines
main work
simple database
5 feature
permanent forwarding
conventional type
word alignments
voice notes
authors define
place case
multiple alignment
simple weighted
coordination patterns
kudzu system
parser performed
output needs
together cover
concept wfst
classes using
language design
components needed
current direction
network information
seem likely
includes work
second conference
conceptual overlays
precision wsd
commonly understood
representative training
verb partition
outils de
single core
phrases often
refer directly
used pointwise
average ratings
see column
distinguishing non
grice 1975
anaphor resolvers
causality relation
representations available
prosodic events
phrasal types
attribute recognition
a4 a13a10a29
combined scores
friend sense
structures automatically
sensory data
natural term
different filters
volume 11
5 indicate
initial term
energy features
synonymic relation
need considerable
forms rather
name penalty
new phase
predicates pertaining
semantic coherence
using xquery
substantial body
error makes
algorithm handles
occurrence matrices
evening session
tst3 set
donaway et
using uniform
linguistic segmentation
scoring software
john maxwell
multiple paraphrases
traditional text
association line
queries without
simple principles
cient information
advanced applications
tools designed
nyu system
domain maps
evidence regarding
two operands
disparate plans
center list
structure annotations
forschung und
uri zernik
cohen 83
oriented anaphora
descriptive gazetteers
en fonction
pronoun l
capture systematic
clusters found
blis site
based chunking
opposite situation
returned home
single request
functional relation
senses derived
50 sentences
bilingual sequence
phenomena specific
several parses
constructs found
succedent formula
company 3
feedback techniques
analyses returned
course could
grammar must
dictionaries include
supports access
four parsers
set also
simple parallel
bad readers
purpose hardware
factors issues
standoff markup
google distance
basic language
cluster 0
way match
binary conditional
rightmost position
within word
typical meaning
multiple speaker
actual probability
leads directly
fact would
extended depbank
2003 nist
hypothesis within
indicate variables
small village
hum tgt
indexing strategies
indirect antonyms
raw frequencies
become familiar
specification expressions
weaker form
graphic interface
lexical correction
extensive linguistic
letters e
acceptable words
application logic
retrieval based
automatic segmentation
case description
precision seems
vp headed
posterior probability
base retrieval
kaplan packed
null ization
important outcome
conversational goal
classifier trains
mwec algorithm
content provider
automatic measurement
la tasse
predefined mappings
000 features
er findet
based event
local values
system identi
sex hundra
ik nikki
english matrix
improvement brought
accepts several
essay rater
word freq
graduate course
good distance
actual segmentation
database corpus
word outside
original training
form derivations
links found
add discourse
hidden ambiguity
final parameter
call b
speech domain
tractable computational
word choices
tag look
centre europe
typographical error
hal model
worst case
lexical markers
four legs
form viii
within ppcs
conceptual area
dialogue scripts
work focuses
key step
using intersection
continue parsing
digital data
words corpus
eliminate features
action map
additional head
error might
j j
centering literature
corresponding decision
improved search
database approach
une autre
small language
one seeks
structure appears
simple filter
base feature
shallow description
control heuristics
probabilistic pruning
provide sense
previous label
inalienable possession
higher time
dictionary method
kuo et
generate similar
omega ontology
300 hours
provide relatively
different devices
whose aim
words approach
speaker uses
define every
object usages
3 models
overall domain
hidden variable
phrases needed
formula 9
rr ambiguity
precision score
natural science
frame analysis
recognize speech
move generator
requirements set
appropriate times
present details
entity object
although correct
kept distinct
coverage using
discourse heuristic
likely combination
linguistic theorising
ml algorithms
continuous stream
paper treats
three strata
prediction model
world computing
candidate polar
complex definition
tangible objects
focus constraints
higher accuracies
gibson representing
correcting crfs
different processing
communication mode
grammar automaton
bnf definitions
character unigrams
free pair
syntactic string
corpus model
ulrich germann
review documents
entity score
position parameters
unseen verbs
size 100
harbin institute
basic tenets
content via
actions expressed
thank charles
deictic reference
expansion frequency
equation sets
certain style
fcr set
possible fillers
di culty
based treebanks
seven texts
degree upon
low pressure
surface ships
read books
correct transcript
logical metonymy
intensional information
suitable word
particular subject
content structuring
existing nlg
fundamental idea
scale testing
formal version
algorithms start
look like
georgetown university
case constructions
car accident
gave peter
chunks like
furthermore assume
text training
thank patrick
unl relation
comparable corpora
pairwise np
various agents
review two
authors use
sentence endings
surface triples
vertical search
predicate used
categorial feature
formal descriptive
approaches discussed
english corresponding
1 data
single constituent
ranking parse
processed corpus
recall obtained
erent kinds
clauses 2
concept ids
optional infinitive
training coreference
estimation accuracy
en train
tree components
recall algorithm
core set
weinberg 1984
given priority
packed feature
unsuccessful parse
types per
associating probabilities
routing rate
last vowel
recursive left
s6mantique et
rant que
a0 a20
senses within
product defined
word gives
evaluation plane
whose interpretations
evaluation reveals
disjunction operator
sequence a2
discourse feature
clusters generated
discourse examples
error corpus
tags associated
dialogue session
describing events
functions could
large collections
errors recognition
detective story
incorporate different
represent properties
production features
line array
thorough treatment
morphological study
variants described
bayes algorithm
verbal predicate
get access
create test
either q
predicative adjective
corpus prepared
conditioning contexts
generator table
world problem
advanced research
small numbers
classifier could
tight upper
conventional boolean
also saves
extracted template
human informant
christensen et
overlapping hierarchies
4 languages
secondary index
disambiguation cues
bref corpus
telephone interface
target classi
value exceeds
minimal overlap
criterion would
effective translation
new dialog
quality rating
expressing constraints
target number
apply steps
acoustic pattern
set produced
state tree
feature 4
introduce tree
formation sense
backward training
contain free
elementary lemmata
personal preferences
structure etc
arabic writing
binary categorization
simply determines
good practice
preconditioned cg
game also
practical usability
experimental corpus
unlike prolog
une forme
often assign
several requirements
human coder
links generated
contain relevant
human summaries
relation whose
clause analysis
bracket accuracy
validation sets
mettre en
arc length
verb denoting
initial guess
filled pause
automated feature
tagger correctly
meaningful comparison
estimated models
network output
useful ones
international projects
tuned towards
experimental approach
boundary states
synonymy link
include correct
candidate partition
adjacency algorithm
better candidate
modifier structures
word constitutes
meeting domain
travel guides
jump table
best transliterations
original l
speech production
shortest sentence
build derivation
contain hundreds
relevant articles
intransitive entries
psychological pov
preliminary translation
database files
desired way
string decision
correct training
many distinct
corresponding pair
step removed
uniform data
des trois
rates reported
right level
constraints along
dependency accuracies
donkey sentence
syntactic behaviour
find weights
messages would
certain distance
use 1
sentences get
indexing task
combinatory rules
stories like
monthly magazine
teach courses
knowledge contained
6 shows
tdt research
intrinsic evaluation
human analyst
certain punctuation
english uses
replacement expressions
geometric distribution
template fillers
formulate queries
probabilities pi
basic relation
machine output
across phrases
reverse alphabetized
technique inspired
analytical questions
values along
engine called
priming context
break point
null data
global connectivity
intended phonemes
update equations
variable size
auxin response
salient one
multiple category
loglinear analysis
la communaut
natural texts
online algorithm
data reduction
much promise
baker et
functional region
antal van
patient care
context terms
ambiguous test
linguistic generation
proof term
planning engine
character streams
exceptional behavior
subjective interpretation
educational technology
staffan larsson
semantic analyzability
meeting participants
tree analysis
realistic size
structures exist
morphologic analyzer
description lengths
sql database
directed dependency
constituent z
science fiction
language materials
add complexity
efficiency trade
formal semanticists
see point
proposed item
ii evaluation
chief difference
information infrastructure
constant denominator
se score
virtual memory
discriminator phrases
metamorphosis grammar
users quickly
text l
based module
defined grammar
smoothed probabilities
key idea
circuit repair
editor also
possible way
king values
noun node
dt jj
much care
para sus
integrated framework
unspeci ed
collection could
deaf users
walter j
5 performs
good property
comptage en
fact expressed
empirical performance
room 120
affective states
reaching state
one reviewer
english vowel
generic case
better suits
small penalty
skip rules
symbols appear
lexicale et
svm algorithm
larger clusters
experimental comparisons
intelligent computer
relevant time
stem type
general organization
control whether
tile man
cannot simultaneously
simplified example
real images
relevance factor
seau notionnel
reference dictionary
misclassification measure
representation results
languages generated
geographic information
analyze dependency
nonterminal predicate
single information
iteration k
polish athlete
richard power
node id
relevant speech
structural alignment
input pairs
sentence 9
pd sequence
representation introduced
example 27
salience calculation
fx signal
proposes candidate
event marker
dialogue used
translation must
binyan prefix
interpretation cannot
multiple genres
observation density
direct hypernym
system disambiguates
linguistic formulation
transliteration algorithm
annotator disagreements
explicit control
external individuals
single token
xml schemas
two test
document classes
simplified model
functional selection
paragraph describing
leftmost element
positional information
actual generation
following dependency
speaker must
tile result
explicit feature
interactive agents
conditional estimation
following templates
node results
relation nn
alternation information
allow variables
element might
syntactic readings
formalism consists
shallow language
thank one
internal models
node introduced
foreseen pronoun
v b
candidate characters
language disambiguation
discrimination trees
intrinsic value
challenges remain
based scoring
quick test
revision point
infinite domain
probability one
fairy tale
phrase label
given configuration
chinese orthography
spelling similarity
unsupervised dictionary
external boundary
contain alternative
example could
paradigmatic relations
input predicate
wrong attribute
english prepositions
question nodes
big envelope
structural paraphrases
vector component
using trigger
interactive scoring
document object
human listener
rules generating
line performance
verbs carry
message 99
otherwise choose
test protocols
tree starting
three annotations
specific selectional
scanned document
numerical properties
cc conversion
safe chains
compile bilingual
semantic deviation
answer expressions
earlier section
referring expression
nlp work
single compound
noun frequencies
value stored
german compounds
structure shown
relevant segment
phrase construction
sentence parses
document score
labeled node
3 identi
categories cl
criticism applies
nominal features
powerful knowledge
string pair
sets provided
one empty
2001 conference
pieces together
demands made
process repeated
determinative complement
tiger woods
hub pages
filtering component
deux structures
require multi
annotation stage
nocoll manner
new grammars
much language
signature transforms
extracting answers
next feature
action even
event 2
meanings would
next examples
significant co
membership probabilities
comment list
gross syntactic
two paradigms
sophisticated approaches
conversation domain
document filtering
spectral tilt
generalized fragments
feature separately
sister arcs
language code
generative stochastic
paper around
system relates
syllable parts
semantic units
access component
existing qa
also point
language increases
clusters consist
user search
program computes
grows exponentially
headfound message
two res
binding relationships
past decade
mental space
segment importance
mit der
initial centroids
pair rather
general reader
sentence sequence
also formulate
three evaluations
syntactic links
experimental version
feature propagation
assign class
bannard et
suffix indicating
expression serves
underlying algorithm
utterances contain
html files
sections 22
tagger uses
ural language
maxent approach
redundant relations
useful form
tschira foundation
preparation phase
tel aviv
th node
se trouver
support text
unifiability checking
following instances
x0 head
decipher system
con ated
syntactic variant
estimation technique
inflection type
papillon server
also al
constituent node
acceptable levels
analyze long
hand substitution
diego garcia
system gives
logical sequence
rate results
measure achieves
level model
create multiple
selection criterion
structural error
e means
ner patterns
context phone
better ones
nist rich
word constituents
bottom window
integer score
frequency ordered
word strategy
reliable cue
thus data
label a39
set ni
formal de
important measure
independent lexicon
concrete entity
random vector
using parts
clearly insufficient
questions still
person entering
segmentation method
axis corresponds
opposite orientation
improves parser
rewritten story
unambiguous transducers
chose instead
appropriate structure
half dozen
tokenization process
considered noun
system building
mean gaussian
complete transcription
using inter
level similar
three works
model simple
plan apprehension
semantic contributions
subjects judged
two subordinate
vectors associated
number five
li si
situations described
probabilities calculated
direct annotation
declarative way
region r
communication skills
approach 1
numerous projects
corresponding segments
relevant senses
descriptive work
called nigel
singular form
srl task
conditioning variables
128 words
words replaced
logical markup
mian hua
4 list
user begins
value depends
many pages
cessation letters
including text
reference meaning
john rearranged
web resource
steiner et
certain property
language morphology
contains complete
structure level
analysis method
english translations
transition tables
produce perfect
rm domain
referential reading
particulier ne
complete states
correct parses
cf rule
wordframe model
definite nouns
resultant tree
layer annotation
ne recognition
ten days
verb objects
sequences given
kadokawa thesaurus
critical part
interpreted verb
maximize recall
possible constraint
capture useful
function estimate
computer simulation
metaphor interpretation
qn e
deep ift
empirical base
defined senses
source slot
delta energy
system constitutes
network representations
operations performed
4 suggest
scheme produces
entry indicates
adjective entries
ritchie 1989
graphical element
validation criteria
useful categories
generates appropriate
metrical grid
using phone
h might
des listes
two portions
partial word
bold face
lexical cooccurrences
overall sentence
surge syntactic
hierarchical relation
minimum energy
elided object
monotonic logics
selectional properties
particular network
tense classifier
gram character
help text
inflectional affix
overhead introduced
similar characteristics
new indexing
following proof
pragmatic rules
basic models
correct sequence
ned systems
reaction times
example retrieval
introduction rules
recent evaluation
fixed model
random distribution
auxiliary parameters
three regions
allow grammar
texts within
first way
null cation
domain compared
map based
third problem
log z
acceptable sequences
stop closures
research advances
relevant alternative
strong angel
hpsg parsing
cape town
tametsi tametsi
existing parallel
application programming
additional filters
thing happens
supports several
obtains higher
performs relatively
core role
three iterations
nonempty list
ref severity
difficult conditions
50 pairs
defining terms
wa20a0 a6
enforce syntactic
matching arguments
term sources
coreference level
construction grammar
kyoto station
database must
crossing constraints
form vp
unseen input
semantic reading
defensible rules
statistical correlations
representation appropriate
deal properly
rules checking
use tools
deictic pointing
reduced corpus
null ple
type sequences
remove duplicate
paragraph 3
consider ways
precision greater
principle implies
based character
words must
based mappings
formal texts
expectation c
point lies
social goal
intuitive grounds
type related
word hypothesis
5 indicates
one find
50 paragraphs
output shown
noun occurrences
particular expression
information bit
small models
phonetic mapping
pattern abstraction
patent information
bioscience text
significant savings
relation variable
nonopinion pieces
3 explains
kstem stemmer
rst structures
substantial drop
female subjects
extract hyponym
specific definitions
grounded semantics
class h
new samples
expression matcher
combine diverse
null els
algorithm previously
supervised ranker
italian machine
typical parsing
order statements
2 translates
fixed media
morphological levels
discuss possible
pronouns could
visual situation
magic parser
paraphrase examples
question text
variable length
relative recall
text synthesis
12 verbs
identical surface
attachment tendencies
pos category
disjunctive lfs
modular systems
ten queries
dependent error
certain tree
target knowledge
understanding approach
starts making
better pruning
problems discussed
success stories
data seen
features make
good spelling
phrase tables
best hypernym
verb similarity
final task
reduction rates
two clause
tags actually
cue construction
henry telephoned
wn synset
tie together
smooth turn
distributions associated
country doubt
domain processing
characters tend
pairs collected
added complication
experiment provided
response generation
like format
observed actions
score computed
grammatical complexity
force vector
cautionary note
small selection
annotation relations
list might
sequences corresponding
recent value
deep structures
semantics via
corresponding increase
partitioning n
focusing factors
since names
current instance
alignment paradigm
unigram class
un type
4 details
event template
situation seems
de baets
semantic phrase
tile direct
system improved
sue j
supersense labels
alignment performance
index units
v null
aggregate entities
events reported
sister segments
hans es
tagging scheme
postprepositional pronouns
different length
entities instead
time codes
improved results
successful attempts
computer processing
validation training
telles que
extended middle
team project
output contains
describing discourse
space zi
content verb
assign syntactic
art pcfg
side note
process shows
constraining equations
acquired constraints
successful interpretation
statistical lexicon
refinement step
straight orientation
set returned
partition mark
nl dialogue
qui l
grammatical frameworks
act units
research organizations
several comments
new components
simplification method
see ide
ao tree
two limitations
two byte
referential relations
syntactic number
several things
remaining characters
possible prior
frames encode
management course
daniel marcu
lines sketched
1 labels
information stored
waiting time
female gender
recursion may
model independently
major consideration
output level
symmetric alignment
spoken inputs
minkov et
e nt
mostly correspond
et ul
lesser degree
strategy presented
observed variation
youngest assistant
analyses could
one generates
ii system
conclusions must
labels given
antecedent belief
multiple heads
reference involves
interface process
tree atdnl
successful path
b v
two derivation
another point
substitutability hypothesis
using newton
given objects
attribute vectors
used resource
oil prices
specific format
w occurs
magazine article
6 instances
tile two
dunning 1993
manner using
potential relevant
attention shift
normalized score
unused words
de nition
retrieval model
final decisions
exciting research
ranking constraints
dialect adaptation
use classification
present elsewhere
communication knowledge
lexical symbol
source formalism
32 mb
candidate moves
based p
iexical entry
wsj experiments
synonym set
computational limitations
generic descriptions
model 65
benefactive pps
different places
sentences given
machine dialogues
multiple analyses
together information
powerful operation
stratified feature
nothing else
document browser
partial event
better compression
multiple cues
inspired parser
significant relationships
mathematical expressions
meaning represented
returns non
additional step
annotation might
two vehicles
pure categorial
oriented theory
incorrect influence
infer discourse
hmm system
se vi
caus anim
selected node
dang et
mrd senses
modular development
des categories
mots ou
compilation procedure
statistical properties
compound form
dem mann
supervised em
identical head
methods seem
ovr dialogues
derived noun
detection would
current location
features either
general intention
english clusters
conditions refer
la seconde
content vectors
one exploits
arc a3
useful machine
different mentions
rule compilation
polya distribution
longer noun
phrasal representation
anaphoricity models
practical writing
transitive vpcs
rules recognize
many expressions
2 cb
subtle issue
phrase contained
significant context
sentences correctly
tree one
uses inference
top choices
l examples
cannot contain
candidate objects
grammar source
good introduction
questions within
five language
particular alignment
audio sources
20 iterations
3 subjects
syntactic perspective
strategy requires
decisions according
whose precise
thesaurus code
meaning paraphrase
family contains
fact base
sufficient word
space tags
symbol c
across sentences
tutorial discourse
metaphor list
module interprets
recorded audio
hybrid carmeltc
unknown phrases
switch position
expected distribution
data contain
null semantic
various characteristics
certain meaning
plr parsing
node stands
written questions
everything together
dimensional dynamic
japanese expression
high demand
token boundaries
equation 9
nonlinear mapping
heuristic estimate
le temps
scientific field
phrases appearing
est alors
section sketches
leibler distance
b versions
chaining method
information depends
elle se
simplified character
original dico
settings used
david h
semantic clustering
function depends
trec competitions
frequency factor
acts could
module whose
assigns new
hierarchical models
shared arc
features related
assign probability
un nouvel
discourse patterns
phoneme strings
specific np
parsing grammar
pairs among
classifier output
short stories
feedback mechanism
csr community
improvements suggested
genitive form
modules work
domain b
right boundary
level propositions
surface reflections
john go
approximate parse
potential senses
feature comes
unification tries
p np
head attribute
suffix stripping
testing instance
examples serve
change according
cognitive validity
ontology includes
came home
affect significantly
memory data
stack whose
dialogue corpora
general default
1 simple
see data
question since
scoring patterns
tag derivation
blocks world
utterance occurs
3 building
coherence requirement
start nonterminal
common definition
another text
distance algorithm
like tags
plus grande
array entry
local ordering
summarizes information
semantic tagger
sentence 6
potential attachment
complication arises
approach performed
section begins
examples based
naomi sager
made robust
similar effect
meta level
easy text
tag labeled
involves matching
polarity filtering
wsj database
nlw template
also affects
literal strings
il entry
auxiliary verb
tdt english
1 kind
generate cross
classes show
particular query
coded tree
experiment 2
active node
kernel structure
main speaker
nlp programs
simple grammar
earlier decisions
maximum tree
ontological features
words highlighted
traditional models
monophone models
annotation approach
null first
bigram cache
man arrived
possible matchings
tile tagging
carroll 2002
oriented ai
concept 1
th case
speech machine
g defines
reflect interesting
systems even
standard phonemic
rightmost branch
bill said
complete argument
lpc cepstrum
results superior
right list
resource creation
vertical axes
surprising property
involves complex
parsing unit
affect parsing
human morphologist
type appear
backbone rules
prediction vector
fact hold
sentences corresponding
paper titles
saying anything
num feature
linguistic application
corresponding finite
relationships across
sequences defined
ibm group
words play
performance variation
established rules
butter melted
three level
big question
important use
relation associative
possible follow
relatedness measure
formal model
role types
intervening verbs
job outsourcing
standard default
names recognized
open language
records information
whose parameters
inactive edges
risk agents
concept disjunction
proposed evidence
different transcriptions
tense meanings
tufis et
several versions
propose candidate
spreadsheet task
particular error
minimal parts
feasible solution
black line
component names
capture structural
old discourse
style differences
make possible
cumulative frequency
global solution
count function
report two
structure path
separate stack
functional choices
new arcs
incorrect arguments
incorrect presuppositions
lexical connectives
unlike e
specific tags
police officers
verbs include
numeral classifier
including data
build complex
following abstract
simple unit
given gold
planning relationships
expression f
neighbors averaging
choice systems
magnitude larger
model assigns
reestimation procedure
green circle
algorithm accounts
detailed constraints
goals based
given contexts
indexing features
lexical reasoning
produce trees
large quantity
hypernym collocations
rich vocabulary
parser adapted
certain tag
scrambled argument
entailing verb
expectations may
stack configurations
contains w
effectively support
different views
evaluation contains
every dialogue
antecedence recovery
np features
set presented
dynamic threshold
slots must
commercial application
common sets
descriptive rather
close tests
algorithm achieves
functional generative
methods together
network developed
lexical alternations
np comma
duration information
tasks vary
pragmatic elements
base concepts
sentence gatherer
kh statistic
disjunctive value
referents whose
see reference
actual application
method outlined
whose theme
sentence denotes
tile appropriate
word parse
asserts something
similar distributional
th argument
basic procedure
produce answers
e representation
generic architecture
synonym words
prediction distribution
honorific relations
direct syntactic
recent system
knowledge resource
new ontology
213 utterances
check point
engineering considerations
contextual adaptation
manipulation operations
second trial
interesting alternative
corpus distribution
idea comes
choose among
element must
driven process
two rounds
resulting code
static disambiguation
natural human
occur regularly
process generating
statistical tmem
set cover
ten trials
modeling module
categories based
conditional maximum
entire collection
applies transformations
spell program
yi ge
matches anything
syntactic marker
generating hypertext
marcu 2002
point location
affords us
one vertex
repeated sequence
z must
problem directly
candidate contexts
expert lexicons
k candidates
static part
asr transcriptions
great difference
stylistic dimensions
entity descriptions
containment relation
subcategorization fi
classical logic
citation matching
primary domain
specific mapping
mendelian inheritance
digital equipment
text a4
unlexicalized models
sentences remain
syntax checking
coverage bit
luce et
ferrandez et
rough alignment
context word
linear orderings
end condition
ralph weischedel
training times
stylistic reasons
active states
thus consist
grammar component
split based
conceptual description
called definite
international telecommunications
without search
independent rule
structural distinction
method searches
carpenter cg
order 9
umhum umhum
different groups
sentence represented
example output
variable sharing
incident category
every course
maximal sets
wsd literature
convention adopted
treebank constituents
kun reading
local correlations
complex strategies
process explained
r iff
development division
desired dependency
rule cannot
bechet et
reference regions
five relation
matter experts
incorrect choice
greater salience
light verb
expected center
question data
term distance
best effort
grammar mentioned
surprise scores
nodes 1
10 slots
hypothesis regarding
type feature
reduce word
thus help
armed men
summary performance
process detects
account three
partial conceptual
modules written
contents design
improves system
mbr decoding
adjunct strings
noch nicht
appropriate verbs
black triangle
list based
even sentence
appropriate tense
source anchor
x likes
20k word
since phrase
negotiation language
750 words
concepts based
techniques produce
capitalized letters
scheme used
japanese query
takes data
current methodology
first look
using word
achieve optimal
parts might
art methods
classifiers described
treatment within
handle overlapping
induction models
agent relation
distinct path
gupta et
governing noun
scientific fields
bit encoding
involving knowledge
syllable noun
thematic text
within compounds
head pos
syntactic stylistic
method introduces
hearer mutually
representations developed
including queries
thomas wirth
enamex tags
string would
courant institute
designer might
uniform fashion
cues improves
analyse de
input according
grained grammar
unknown source
method developed
terms collected
shared set
bridging relations
edge already
annotated excerpt
combined training
complicated expressions
application module
alone tool
grammars rather
service slot
iri 90
dispersion value
adjunction inserts
simple attachment
dialogue d1
search may
metric sets
carlson et
run test
possible dependency
augmented transition
scope bearing
common ner
called morpho
possible templates
modifications include
several objectives
order sequence
output translation
balanced test
varies considerably
bottom right
theoretical assumptions
input message
li junsheng
represent common
prince 1998
intersective adjectives
null terns
p rules
final problem
museli approach
head schemata
features appear
main category
ith term
distance function
meaning also
one layer
correct solutions
text per
secondary phrase
parameter distributions
computational complexities
extract domain
act tagger
implicit links
thing x
resource used
productions x
ccg assumes
speaker adaptive
primarily involves
fixed chain
quantification domain
heart attack
file organization
intended semantics
dialogues would
practical discourse
adequate domain
involves two
beaucoup de
ackn class
ongoing development
information alone
class represented
tool kit
arcs represent
understanding must
morphological problems
individual expressions
grouping scheme
function alone
single string
structural analyses
syntactic knowledge
structural cues
act might
range record
fire dept
three situations
require detailed
different conclusions
simple alternative
standard construction
sag 1976
matrix associated
degree 0
formed part
relation tr
accurate picture
embedding clause
system lies
extract candidate
english coordinate
symbol appears
rlogf metric
graphs used
categorized documents
following equations
bunsetsu segmentation
lines indicate
edges e
writer pse
c map
annotator would
acoustic information
gb parser
allows specification
corrects many
lexicon output
separate experiment
deterministic method
obvious alternative
correlates significantly
large sets
meaning involved
problem domains
since relations
commercial success
great degree
information theoretical
direct contact
triangle inequality
thank mark
cnn news
strategy could
new segments
meaning across
regression lines
separate corpora
standard orthography
given plan
whose terminals
disjunctive set
users reported
grammatical attributes
finer grain
parser tree
engineering approach
minimal distinguishing
microphone recordings
perform type
duc human
particular genres
elements receive
det n
measures similarity
rank n
learning difficulties
utterance processing
include enough
accumulative n
applied system
equivalent results
srl features
line tools
team members
resulting tagset
cost per
b 7
bracket type
use modified
selected case
memory stores
lookup model
child array
outer part
magic system
summaries often
model becomes
current concept
entries must
also imposes
index terms
default polarity
possible instances
person hours
corresponding tl
good parsing
quantity maxim
tree group
local properties
system eventually
template forms
frequent phenomenon
new edition
persons involved
chart based
segments used
de phrase
k increases
analyse texts
incremental compilation
surface utterances
st system
category called
whose verb
logical constants
tutorial interaction
durative event
systems designed
generated output
instance documents
sentence coverage
adapted language
stemming method
miscellaneous entities
core facts
algorithm resulted
document properties
maximum among
model due
saarland university
boosting version
separate memory
easier problem
parsed constituents
dependency cannot
structural transformation
good hypotheses
words act
complete descriptions
cases 2
patterns p
textual expression
initial estimates
multistrength belief
reasons outlined
related contexts
lexical realization
row labelled
isolated objects
object permanence
ments de
anaphor must
candidate plan
argument node
word joining
engine provides
corpus driven
actions without
information leaflets
results due
whole content
orthographic form
training documents
aggregation rules
transition back
rules compared
object provides
cross entropy
du centre
complex task
succeeding phonemes
resources become
compare word
including idioms
validation task
12 month
valuable suggestions
example patterns
ordered sequence
null proposition
verbalization process
n tree
paths mode
two loops
second means
map model
surface language
applying maximum
antecedent clauses
lexicon defines
accurate result
directional ones
general points
end applications
noun following
different threshold
consultation de
prototypical example
original algorithms
ratio 2
another data
verb types
foci tree
evaluations indicate
clause aspect
two man
speech given
normal speech
order requirements
amino acid
similar objects
terms among
spanish training
process maps
x theory
wi occurs
initial exploration
class problem
case w
principles would
current setup
decision problem
involves tagging
0 bits
assigning elements
black et
research center
paraphrase patterns
tv shows
attributes must
identifiable patterns
original node
tipster muc
corpus segmented
paktus system
one game
algorithm stops
asr vocabulary
value notation
vector used
account various
identity conditions
using event
time studies
coverage figures
associated category
utsuro et
specific slot
also exhibits
sequential inference
eagon 1967
propositional contents
sort unification
conceptual language
whose vectors
expansion step
use minimal
contemporary grammar
relevant cells
single speaker
one condition
node belongs
per parse
limited way
dictionary publishers
ambitious task
aligned parse
basic building
text versions
cilin tags
draft versions
evaluators could
performance suggests
bilingual lists
features indicate
core problems
key verbs
corresponding rule
pattern using
probability exceeds
language relations
grained senses
every bit
de relations
cd multilex
syntactic template
rule candidate
unsupervised learner
question generated
predicted wind
five models
e understanding
possible substitution
filtering used
noun consists
action events
level distribution
pairs come
financial secretary
also stores
top hypothesis
syllable duration
second contribution
final top
multiple definition
mood rule
two implicit
feature simply
unknown sentences
one network
tile absence
probability estimate
control dialogue
language makes
automatic sense
sentiment expressions
limiting factors
specific action
spokesman said
ronis introduction
temporal succession
four extra
remaining contexts
propositional letters
atis sentences
simple enough
higher domain
case preferences
rule automata
translation component
compilation steps
cannot hope
template instances
x head
smooth shift
sounds collapse
far cry
25 languages
processing framework
translation sentences
syntactic clues
following fragments
via word
pronoun occurrences
johnson computing
french sequence
using example
handle situations
language anbnc
similar pps
movement transformation
poor coverage
partial logics
complexity result
model outperforms
checking application
second evaluation
representation language
relation attributes
multimedia explanation
equation 16
selecting verbs
across pairs
agent models
dummy symbols
140 sentences
second option
semantic term
class bigrams
reference bilingual
ce could
problem facing
text node
comprehension task
word families
wsj corpora
stage parser
produce high
directed process
concept classification
ann gave
new command
utterance b
overall solution
structure specifies
b g
desired antecedent
operator indicates
sentence features
null adjoining
parameters also
within nlg
stress placement
source analysis
sentence also
a76 transition
competitive parsing
constraints cause
grammar produces
plant part
across paragraphs
practical complexity
um contains
procedure makes
reduction operations
section results
establish similarity
precision varies
verbal expressions
form head
procedure starts
one expression
2 compares
lexesp corpus
identification may
lexical extensions
bidirectional dependency
also adapt
moment matrix
accepted rules
noun relationships
dependent transformation
bread knife
cient number
utterances containing
a23 a27
unique characteristics
correct critiques
effect relations
uniform treatments
output file
skewed class
terms occurring
global timing
apr6s le
stability class
best probability
analysis parameters
diagonal covariance
max opened
state algorithm
rates vary
systems become
base noun
constituent following
full network
h prime
english lexemes
german speakers
current relevance
used evaluation
connectionist architectures
category f
experiment evaluates
problems referred
prediction experiments
independent stages
given attribute
reading material
plan would
semantic typology
axiom scheme
large blue
past episode
published form
always involves
tan et
path probability
language might
classification result
existing grammar
corpus experiments
lexical correspondence
consonant sequence
slight advantage
le point
interacting entities
lightweight techniques
transaction success
labeled recall
parameter ai
certain hypotheses
modeling p
mixing coefficient
pos template
focused sentence
text condensation
best segmentation
model computes
theoretical notions
paired samples
target sides
parameters involved
closed lexicon
constant times
term tree
nodes without
nuance recognizer
direct generation
like formalism
concept forest
parameters across
document repetition
causes trouble
assumptions must
constituents rather
l indicates
find candidates
shallow parsed
fact without
nous n
form ai
stratified logic
school district
others within
lingual bootstrapping
context hint
darpa gale
use k
1 prec
maximize precision
means complete
tree classifier
possible coreference
16 subjects
annotated verb
adverbial constructions
generated patterns
data randomly
took part
multimodal language
model actions
media coordinator
relative distances
tile description
natural distribution
corpus linguistics
implicit confirms
cluster boundaries
based collaborative
otherwise remain
hmm approaches
phoneme set
basic grounding
real purpose
score word
tasks often
rule production
financial planning
news written
rst method
full expression
error source
translation estimates
systems technology
particular distinction
second value
procedure might
highest probabilities
return values
since proper
significant information
tt l
trees since
utterances cannot
candidate attribute
constituent recall
et le
parser consults
related plan
lower ones
given types
john kennedy
entity gazetteers
appropriate optimization
woods 73
parts based
german assistant
three people
based qa
mcle pcfg
distributed computation
alignment tools
special sets
automatic capitalization
different measurements
revision operations
single variant
add specific
translation prototype
unstressed vowel
feature checks
node numbers
chinese abbreviations
ambiguity tag
changes caused
single mistake
phrasal coherence
average classifier
structure values
alphabet e
summary sizes
measure constructions
rule changes
induction procedure
rules derived
textual query
syntactic operation
mary expected
date information
scoring mechanisms
sizes ranging
created instance
maximal training
see sections
smaller translation
discarding rules
specific quality
different lexicographers
major senses
unix world
central tool
document architecture
bateman 1990
lawrence erlbaum
surface relation
generalizations based
reconstructed form
maintain separate
example dialogues
shortcut search
1999 set
recognizer score
instead relies
simulated companies
see weischedel
text dictation
check data
translator uses
also consist
language corpus
parse failures
names need
attributive interpretation
per story
relations arc
satisfy various
significant work
extraction domains
assessment set
rote extractor
elementary operation
intervening np
rules b
phonotactic description
ordered centroid
3000 words
perform reference
julian mounter
extracting translations
alignment without
solid objects
story summaries
shared understanding
systems producing
tables 13
weak pronouns
italian translations
every user
wide acceptance
category sets
canonical pronunciation
complete package
compare example
appropriate input
two sorts
corpus database
3 syllables
language approach
classical programming
phrase attaches
ambiguity among
orientation toward
algorithm divides
various objects
ontology provides
measuring inter
vq codebooks
simplified characters
candidate types
also labels
visual search
terrorism task
describes semantic
occur within
switchboard corpus
language side
monolingual lexicon
readings derived
joho et
current tu
reference algorithm
knowledge means
single mode
pipeline model
simple deictic
problem cases
called topoi
constraints still
relative precision
act based
specify operations
analysis suggested
system indexes
estimated cost
also help
program associated
weights c
asymmetric c
message database
selected properties
item may
production could
diverse applications
oxford english
result produced
18 hours
kanji words
inverse term
pair ii
smallest meaning
delicate thing
current q
state languages
lie ahead
bring together
n tag
shape noun
ldoce grammar
rescoring function
right frame
minimal noun
new finite
tree ascending
editing expression
dog bit
restrictions could
use entropy
dog show
svd technique
question semantic
theory point
tentative interpretation
directly optimizes
detail elsewhere
submitted runs
morphological synthesizer
adjoining operation
knowledge extracted
two spaces
conditions match
le deuxi
european country
account global
algorithm designed
copyright 1980
intonation models
effectiveness evaluation
conative alternations
studying texts
type defines
overlapping word
examples similar
basic constituents
language behavior
permutation tree
process occurs
clear concept
fregean representations
lexicons based
different selectional
default threshold
uncountable noun
perform semi
dybkjaer et
input expressions
analytic techniques
combining algorithms
particular cues
noun claim
log odds
nous trouvons
viterbi tagging
length observed
several entities
one proceeds
resulting tokens
coordinate terms
bridge verbs
lists would
increased training
component terms
nps referring
constraint could
assessment system
embryo sac
compositionality measure
new lexieal
situation descriptions
high kappa
index term
n order
english predicates
higher ones
last column
native english
atalay et
exist systems
manageable set
diagnostic unit
research towards
also integrates
difficulty due
object pronominal
namely text
another less
rented object
relevant candidate
accurate results
model always
list entries
including nouns
one relating
node relation
without results
processing boards
rule 8
choice made
formalism rather
structure kernel
stochastic unification
composite object
discrete fourier
encode discourse
generates summaries
morphological tagger
specific users
ne systems
binary relation
representations provided
tagger accuracy
existing senses
moving objects
corresponding non
row 1
h model
assignment method
category prediction
scheme captures
small constituents
introducing rules
large training
average mark
whittemore et
processing open
automatic ways
external argument
vowel system
financial support
tim text
denote optionality
german hpsg
final row
presents one
distinct values
entire event
commercial transaction
learner language
use 3
learn simple
wrong candidates
encourages users
classifying nouns
coming months
formed categories
preceding modifiers
features performs
hlt components
roles played
different naming
two results
various similarity
e le
microsystems laboratories
est dans
linguistic sciences
probability 1
hpsg formalism
consistent fashion
data transfer
parameter adaptation
formed trees
gets bound
pure top
tense classification
imposes constraints
also nouns
revised query
whole chart
remaining variables
transition graphs
set available
initial amount
quick results
also simple
steinbach et
modifiee relationships
argument case
null n
proton database
naive algorithms
portant sur
like know
labelling scheme
tree labelled
state function
resolution may
mwv candidates
processed sentences
string duplication
four output
backgr sets
empirical grounds
difficult sentences
interpersonal metafunction
pairs obtained
3a e
predicts noun
factor terms
16 n
mapping procedure
disambiguation strategies
studies done
linear feature
tools specifically
one family
tagset used
oriented style
boy wants
thesaurus relations
see chomsky
articles manually
recognition grammar
second set
numbers give
dialogue interface
use discriminative
following theorems
2x2 contingency
corresponding declarative
adjunct set
phrasal comparative
finding methods
sense combination
top parse
transport verbs
art retrieval
standard hmm
encoding format
law reports
error sentences
standardized tests
000 adjectives
eliminating ambiguity
feature called
tape contains
alan gottesman
phrase st
many structures
improved language
type indicates
taxonomic constraints
names like
support effective
correlation structures
level document
news programs
multitiered model
single tfs
literal words
assigned wider
existing dictionaries
letters per
structure frames
extraction problems
map recognizer
intonation may
null struct
basic hypothesis
asr hypotheses
complexity results
10k sentences
require inference
likely parses
value singular
un bon
global inference
union model
useful cue
rule pruning
represent 4
complexity introduced
morphological coordinates
phrase pp
pglr model
word constraint
create appropriate
indirect means
third methods
resultant algorithm
probabilistic inference
annotate reliably
spatial framework
mongolian bilingual
size g
entire duration
common sequence
match documents
sentence lists
style rule
determine boundaries
full second
text compiler
le type
used set
temporal relation
single number
type logic
define tree
term tag
causative event
question target
a18 a35
compositional readings
understood input
wind speeds
language version
values derived
next noun
recognition unit
hand selected
k units
handling multiple
chunks using
level r
simple transfer
possessor relation
modal interfaces
carberry 1988
judge also
reference interpretation
window w
entity slots
match two
search agent
5 scoring
instances must
deterministic choice
data containing
preposition combination
evidence exists
new group
foreign trade
sets include
segmentation table
models described
portuguese sentence
locative objects
recent review
list model
inlet system
sample texts
close connections
languages augmented
compensation disabled
negative evaluations
nist data
affix model
common subtrees
reading without
ferguson et
values b
several weeks
proper analyses
forwarding link
zero subjects
chart entries
4000 sentences
involves deriving
adjacent words
let users
resolving translation
understanding act
stated goals
classification results
l possible
foreign countries
dominance chain
raising analysis
identifying correct
information retained
system reports
key input
comprehension questions
people sharing
standard perceptron
member countries
events already
related techniques
structure classes
store yesterday
ldoce senses
dictionary search
set information
optional determiner
ontology engineers
help address
perspective model
prominent place
al 1999
muc score
course outline
tag two
antecedent constraints
bernard lang
trees found
whose development
surface models
cross linguistically
complex inputs
also address
two axes
duration modelling
linguistic surface
network knowledge
several pattern
analysis table
correct transliteration
google hits
relevant changes
procedures must
similar studies
true morphological
largest distance
techniques employed
nimotsu wo
objective system
two stops
2 transfer
academic journal
icall system
using wsj
phonotactic language
glaciers receded
passage appears
demonstrative np
page layout
earley deduction
nominal suffixes
umls terms
traditional n
interface presents
error estimates
maximal sequence
certain objective
contain unnecessary
denumerably infinite
action takes
cases tile
certain modifications
performance gain
example immediately
empty graph
paragraph level
methods according
chinese strings
reference function
guessing rule
cannot produce
several synonyms
read head
paper showed
single perspective
english children
baseline asr
broken line
future extension
cumulative density
time means
decreases monotonically
functional parse
arc marked
mary john
conceptual models
greater amounts
deletion analysis
implicit knowledge
rapid increase
data cannot
6 times
incorrect derivation
commo n
match even
rule removes
ranking antecedent
aggregate information
human abstractors
idea called
initial document
semantic entries
analysis extends
automatic extraction
using character
new field
locative pps
external lexicon
xml toolkit
based modeling
errors tend
legal corpus
keyword identification
implication relation
making judgments
dictionary development
detailed theory
significant barrier
corpora would
une cat
great increase
quintuplet features
phrases involving
based similarity
appropriate discourse
method 2
actual surface
actual extraction
n observations
using suffix
relevant ones
involves producing
using operators
radial basis
constraints within
inflectional morphological
hierarchical strategy
vietnamese mt
new notion
linguistic theory
rare features
propositional content
compound prepositions
information content
stories using
inversion procedure
related stimuli
naturally leads
hpsg grammars
second consonants
consist simply
coercion interpretation
also notes
medical areas
relation connecting
dp e
second study
cl 2
three values
fast look
potential opinion
description according
sound track
patr grammar
contain unknown
parsing cannot
target errors
access memory
observation regarding
full comprehension
tbldt system
b consists
sentential analysis
watson incremental
elapsed time
raw precision
major issue
mental representations
representation models
produced parses
set fs
columns contain
feature f
present rule
unordered list
better f1
speech communications
match structure
competence model
extraction cases
separator symbols
chinese pos
successful identification
disambiguation task
textual collections
building parallel
schematic overview
cognitive functions
incremental production
per article
initial experiments
procedure implements
aligned article
approach 3
clinical evidence
broad structure
term occurring
information item
language term
optimal sentence
children nodes
nominalized verbs
consonantal roots
anaphoric material
atis sls
extract multi
tool would
undefined values
interaction grammar
four patterns
feature definition
report events
greedy hill
jiang 2000
theory since
computing f
mckeown 1982
acoustic signal
vbd np
abstract description
identify concept
discourse module
finite sample
predicted item
asian characters
optimal setting
binary models
constraint requiring
sequences ending
linguistic purposes
one functional
tile shape
similar project
abductor digiti
generation natural
component based
meaningful expressions
better translations
tagged data
grammar used
learning classifier
different format
different conceptualizations
terminal classes
phrasal units
scoring module
type concepts
systems whose
features indicates
predefined types
static relations
complex features
sample entries
small business
small cost
based gold
morphological issues
also discard
whose weight
high coverage
distinct classes
phrases introduced
based contexts
card numbers
domain presents
fixed beam
automaton grammars
users generally
constructional templates
following structure
benchmark test
une classe
supply missing
topic codes
trees generated
allen model
local pragmatic
extracted paraphrase
name references
configuration frequency
attachment mechanism
prior experience
scores based
special training
segmenting words
college student
koehn et
used words
figure gives
domain verbs
chi square
umass dictionary
similar attribute
header trees
neuter pronouns
complement category
generation case
lhe syslem
node selection
slot structure
helping paradigm
another simple
text required
bracketing matrix
extensive research
lexical affinity
hirschman 1986
produces output
2 cannot
semantic vicinities
characters found
mode algorithm
commercial purposes
line underneath
query operators
kaplan phrasal
context determines
errors made
gender feature
properties inherited
among clauses
clause modifiers
suffix table
matching fragments
possible change
perform operations
8 mb
common task
potential participants
one muc
ieer data
another kind
interdisciplinary research
disambiguation decisions
units derived
6 null
cluster tree
main discussion
contain trees
distribution free
clause 1
list question
morphological decomposition
actual head
distinct frame
intrasentential antecedent
lexicographic descriptions
acoustic modelling
factor based
learning qualia
interlingual pathway
generalization result
information describing
position la
temporal region
meaning space
usual context
use contextual
additionally uses
abstract constructions
pointer location
antepenultimate stress
see maxwell
occurrence analysis
initial database
results indicating
items tend
evaluators judged
reciprocal statement
une representation
prediction probabilities
following calculations
systems apply
user utterances
select key
13 shows
annotations associated
specialized rule
fewer non
cannot eliminate
contain answers
2 pieces
simple rpda
temporal models
single rooms
phrase parser
ascii codes
perspective question
annotated development
similar types
covariance assumption
valid categories
base cut
five subjects
corpus probabilities
single marker
central elements
different np
space telescope
surface target
information management
generation g
que des
target fi
features chosen
focus within
existing ontologies
lingual setting
consistently improves
find names
created concept
approach yielded
evaluating spoken
output score
semantic indices
valid trees
certain coordination
countability preferences
best derivations
frequency domain
senses marked
direct application
language must
output frame
bilingual context
node may
individual aligners
quantifier rule
n hypotheses
retrieval experiments
get word
external linguistic
structure pair
appropriate referent
field structure
text zone
tagged reference
jonathan ginzburg
tree sizes
categorical variable
conditional exponential
contextual tree
prosodic parse
primary criterion
x a7
user scenario
word frequency
users expect
links leading
various studies
finite clauses
target environment
design decision
global effects
nominal adjectives
discontinuous arguments
formula presented
many theories
calculated term
output node
new tf
tim data
user language
target japanese
specific heuristics
utterances 8
experiments indicating
group must
underlying segments
resulting corpus
simply selects
modifiers precede
evaluation indicated
among references
interpretation uses
lexical sources
technique achieves
jill stuffed
relational attributes
engcg parser
satisfaction algorithm
like analysis
verb representation
emnlp 2006
several context
shortened version
tree 1
results agree
september 2002
one pole
word matchings
6 describes
selection accuracy
many tasks
kanji sequences
biological process
index entries
called phrase
factor term
geometrical functions
approaches rely
average user
line databases
linguists interested
study provides
enriched set
performative utterances
procedure must
main operation
sorted order
5 illustrate
frequency particles
q x
la relation
possible failure
numerical expression
extra degree
continuing development
three frames
analyst would
biolink 2004
utterance groups
human references
type hierarchy
unrestricted context
recursive transition
two stands
inductive learning
units larger
categorization principle
disambignation rules
stetina et
right argument
reasoning required
recent developments
include part
results vary
grammatical deviations
paper builds
en faisant
head candidates
new fields
short pieces
phrase extracted
second role
algorithms give
language wordnets
specialist domain
larger improvement
process b
l noun
set x
copyright 1988
measuring word
noun token
regarding word
fsa built
cao et
effect must
use linguistically
b ah
lexicon augmentation
reduced sentences
systemic classification
different tags
fonction du
largely ignore
translate pinyin
made public
web access
terms obtained
cf approximation
english predicate
passage shown
based hpsg
translation experiments
scores better
modeling collaborative
architecture consisting
ubiquitous advertising
experiment section
iwanska et
experiment provides
5 p
extracted bigrams
units within
enough accuracy
one o1
2001 set
navy training
understanding component
identify arguments
objectif est
adverbial discourse
joe sneezed
many particles
oil company
based education
venture company
handle three
using composition
relevant entity
underspecified scope
cases correspond
constrained hmm
topic modeling
answer sentence
mary ran
brackets enclosing
new paradigm
empty verb
minimizing entropy
complex structural
descriptive analyses
conflicting evidence
agent robot
entire wsj
suggests either
static state
european projects
response surface
new performance
matrix clause
domains without
hat ein
unit type
several modes
communication environment
hypothesized interpretation
words refer
incremental pruning
effort associated
four dialogues
words pairs
coreferential definite
particular definition
next module
synonymous translations
contains none
user involvement
relevant categories
correspond directly
three classes
variable elimination
case concerns
backwards co
5 total
lavoie et
redundant sentences
paraphrasing problem
proper subclass
plus tard
geographic knowledge
statement made
la redoute
structure preserving
single knowledge
noisy environment
object bigrams
ivory coast
joint source
build language
hierarchy match
sentence pattern
80 thousand
better clusters
abstract events
nn kn
350 sentences
implicit feedback
label h
candidate mother
one combination
negative existential
continuous lines
texts obtained
entities form
optimal answer
movement locative
obtained show
data encoded
vital role
unergative verbs
give meaningful
languages suggests
contains references
multiple countries
different mapping
pair f
interpretation principle
constrain one
across corpora
distinct pair
conjunction heuristic
analogue representation
answer credibility
last trec
three object
sentences tend
views language
expected utility
summarization corpus
stored data
output states
last thing
selects features
svo model
independent sub
relevant answers
les configurations
polysemy count
within minutes
correct co
trees consist
possible merges
parsing part
850 word
optimum tree
one interesting
french versions
previous senseval
category 9
a0 a0
contextual meaning
eight content
error measures
second index
features distinguishing
classi es
systems program
progress pointer
summarization approach
every lemma
metonymic coercions
word generating
relationships could
rules thus
non head
intended effects
first change
separate intermediate
collocation set
ai work
known entities
system shows
important people
content nodes
lr parser
word subclasses
improved models
pronunciation dictionary
simple automata
goal set
xical entries
questions answering
tagging techniques
approaches applied
biomedical articles
reduction due
3333 coyote
lfg representations
veronica dahl
mother cmi
inanimate object
syntax book
lexical semanticist
passage level
perform effective
proposed interpretation
different predictions
induction hypothesis
damage done
following extension
ontology represented
contextual spelling
take years
ordering relations
standard resource
nodes k
another proposition
pruning criteria
formal linguistics
element vector
v takes
thus yield
act model
predict pos
selecting rules
direct anaphora
multiple strategies
fronted position
use 10
oral presentation
allow analysts
kizhu su
jin et
training events
corrected treebank
2 candidate
model method
based studies
simple part
extracted synonym
branching structure
repairs based
outline briefly
data production
primary responsibility
three decision
file contained
last type
purpose text
tile complete
construct different
powerful formalisms
sentence space
respons e
minor classes
based variables
state grammars
ill il
unlabeled parser
word subset
algorithm interprets
interesting ones
memt models
thesaurus term
property r
problems concerning
much cost
1 suggests
temporal shifts
new subjective
make computers
training datasets
langages cs
various types
produces representations
combinations could
misrecognized sentences
novel metaphoric
subject type
given representation
x within
possible matching
following response
explicit specification
problem based
score sim
k binary
2 participants
following chapter
linear kernels
media cues
dutch onsets
demotional divergence
modification structures
locality condition
constraints specified
canonical structures
wl appears
logical space
sense represents
template b
hypernymy relations
acceptable word
found differences
analysis begins
rewrite steps
standard abbreviations
two males
algorithm whose
correct pattern
global accuracy
vowel sequences
hpsg analysis
evaluation algorithms
scene changes
use stochastic
similarity derived
draws inferences
prototype uses
dependent isolated
aspectual cluster
contains 25
food type
potential impact
cannot belong
causative suffix
different rules
mapping strategy
info annotations
previous system
kr component
models offer
category sequence
result presented
sentence presented
engine also
word dependency
component texts
often implies
entered context
word gene
convey pi
extension graph
tzoukermann 1990
text following
textbook corpus
attributes mentioned
1 instance
water one
mst algorithm
sense partitions
atc training
first span
presenting examples
run faster
black box
evaluation schemes
formal database
expected time
rule expansions
literature survey
time representation
within hpsg
r provides
many collocations
phonotactic models
reasoning pattern
projective dependency
intuitive level
whose results
morphological regularities
simple taxonomy
algebraic terms
partial assignment
np could
combines elements
effort needed
spoken disfluencies
speakers would
globally coherent
transitions within
activity model
minsky 1975
hierarchical topic
system intended
proper definition
events often
semtype value
ion 1
ge system
tectogrammatical representation
states set
entire lexical
single template
conditional case
problems exist
old books
baseline experiment
semantic propositions
syntactic dependence
overlapping character
closest head
left side
one english
terrorist acts
intelligent machines
generating quantifiers
schema makes
nothing new
appropriate elements
sh n
expression denotes
including prosodic
predicate domain
grained opinion
compact representation
torasso 83
generator whose
plus des
ideal summary
tokenization ambiguity
interest recently
medical domains
binding category
accurate description
problems solved
feature keeps
generalization results
e phrase
approach needs
new base
nested level
debris parsing
currently handles
linear logic
discriminating information
cases include
british aerospace
user affect
inquiry operators
smaller classes
turn means
plausible explanation
inference algorithm
formal principles
3 pm
three zones
smooth frames
arguments could
text consists
future events
la models
code generation
pruning parameter
nouns whose
97 words
third feature
handle various
annotation component
type noun
third examples
vast array
simple changes
approach permits
miscellaneous information
selection technique
u may
horizontal positions
text recall
cheap bar
uit den
sentence requires
6 male
increase monotonically
drawn independently
20 classes
parser algorithm
class space
e cl
substantial human
identifying relevant
simultaneous machine
following inequality
correction vectors
unambiguous words
key slot
complete subject
experiments aim
character ngrams
klein 1990
run id
dictionary results
syntactic errors
constituent precision
highest agreement
common questions
precision rather
ideal speaker
alternative domain
line drawing
proposition expressed
zero cost
lexical item
propbank parsing
cation experiments
incorrect result
pentium pro
task even
potential bias
often outputs
derivation relations
single statistical
testing table
auxiliary nodes
translators often
discourse intention
potential unknown
imperial palace
contextual restriction
paragraph boundary
word instances
becomes problematic
pu stress
appropriate annotation
fix problems
shared ancestor
program handles
matching documents
ranking step
correct homophone
reference grammars
relative error
quality text
surface choices
spelling checker
earlier methods
strategy outlined
gram grammar
using levin
smaller score
shallow parse
adequate solution
domain input
based normalization
function taking
independent applications
ambiguous constructions
general rhetorical
topic break
special requirements
nominal position
edict format
immediately precedes
source channel
using nlg
derivation starts
elements extracted
probable derivation
hypotheses obtained
two refinements
spine events
document dj
linguistic filters
segmentation result
word long
find phrase
adjectival reading
subterm property
different colors
shimbun corpora
parser enters
using crfs
typical arcs
word aligned
inferred task
previous words
hypertext systems
collection reader
practical goal
paper raises
individual tasks
similarity within
actual fills
set vs
sending messages
supervised bootstrapping
nodes 3
porting systems
generate speech
different variants
person months
one modality
spanish versions
implied reference
full analyses
written report
blocking recursive
computer input
morphological word
feature parameter
models clearly
task structure
underlying finite
sentence context
obvious ones
via cross
dark red
experimental session
cp parsing
describe text
zukerman et
high activation
4 rule
ie accuracy
grained disambiguation
analysis result
thank richard
cannot choose
issue raised
construction syntaxique
range goal
notable difference
transition system
takes n
communicative events
open constituents
tokenization rules
restricted subclass
40 db
constructs classifiers
verb candidates
subjects assign
related impairments
get promoted
corpus contain
accurately capture
contexts extracted
speech effects
content text
includes improving
extract corresponding
actual date
knows something
attachment disambiguation
grained part
window smoothing
small amounts
certain dialog
strings e
global comparison
extraction community
compound phrases
called proper
composite multimodal
boundary condition
similarity distance
chains whose
identifying senses
finite nonempty
database used
prediction time
grammar captures
based techniques
il sera
retrieved sentences
different ranks
markers would
schemes could
manual translation
different slot
en cours
e ciently
perfect sentences
surface subjects
13 instances
metrics employed
source logical
order imposed
based weights
strategies seem
expert crf
create language
string without
prepositional structure
ranked candidates
learners make
potential categories
challenging research
pos errors
size varies
smooth frame
meaning could
constraint logic
incremental multi
initial probabilities
corresponding sub
among constraints
case none
interactive techniques
phrase set
assign every
works quite
knowledge index
feedback corpus
gap may
generate relevant
lingual thesaurus
whole lot
providing input
language phrases
approach demonstrates
distributed system
contributing factors
correct chains
words covered
another name
set a1
flexible data
local vertex
dictionary resources
input structures
used approaches
r h
word maps
adjectival phrase
minimum size
mann der
total user
allows modeling
chaining search
default mapping
presuppositional environments
system generating
see smith
word substitution
correct phoneme
single operation
time increased
category valued
rule correctly
conversational llers
substantially outperforms
also outperforms
empirical observation
chinese system
many sentence
atomic nodes
karen likes
g p
subtopic shift
extracting sentences
first map
lambda calculus
concrete lexemes
constructed case
perfect matchings
potential answers
ultimate solution
simple distortion
independent grounds
summary content
two layers
preverbal position
model associated
mercury flight
reasoning chains
english treebank
ordered lists
indicate relations
strong chains
lafferty 1999
correct relationships
benefit many
pcfg induced
level hierarchical
phrase fragment
specific lexicalization
thing 2
strategy developed
chinese edt
previous responses
model chose
specification given
simple consequence
using characters
correlation method
c whose
grammatical constraints
lexical treatment
dialogue domain
sense sets
program clause
cannot form
jjv test
greater frequency
specific difficulties
ranking process
results associated
syntactic environment
procedural rules
tree classification
voicexml browser
disambiguation power
qlf contextual
processing per
informal spoken
structures constructed
relation existing
target graphs
relations directly
elements represent
model pa
unclassified data
continuation rise
three metafunctions
correct context
expanding queries
annotators made
ces derniers
every content
gaussian computation
uses boolean
viterbi optimization
au sens
ambiguity corresponds
corresponding schema
goldstein et
rules derivable
parser attempts
knowledge access
interface takes
new edges
3 shows
tuple 3
directional prepositions
performs reasonably
recognition server
etude de
hobbs et
framenet 1
prolog uses
recognize correctly
functional constraint
service using
equal performance
antecedent utterance
interface tool
user models
gregorian calendar
senseclusters provides
noun rather
noun john
rhetorical strategies
message segment
phrase system
system detects
language considered
strings s1
head domains
generation architecture
patterns automatically
also computes
argument realizations
cut cases
open hypothesis
linguistic primitives
last reference
recursive use
ontology also
esl writers
term objective
include categories
average classification
correction log
independent research
number 15
idiomatic usages
strong context
per subset
transcribed switchboard
simple pruning
discourse characteristics
every item
additional modifications
number followed
representation gives
sense described
subject reference
following constructions
issues remain
combine descriptions
component model
n languages
note first
rules determining
green apple
desired structure
structuring component
semframe frames
numeric scores
null nation
11 points
default rules
extraction based
core word
9 languages
tree forest
difference matrix
conventional method
sure links
appropriate class
matches three
basic way
new microphone
contains constraints
focus groups
routing environment
combining recall
interaction view
nli development
behavior described
quality metrics
independent streams
prosodic constraints
stage approaches
bonnie webber
rule corresponding
reuters21578 collection
patterns consisting
bracketed form
several annotators
restricted definition
incorrect usage
second buffer
utterance recognized
data compression
inhibitory connections
accurate language
user trials
enhance performance
labelled b
include answers
minimum distance
without language
compositional mwes
parsers make
good indexing
refer uniquely
carnegie group
auxiliary text
ask users
new material
space using
collins model
phenomena within
satisfiability solver
aligned dependency
equality heuristic
code using
tile interaction
encode syntactic
second call
n corresponds
plausible restrictions
rules regarding
lexicon specification
still needs
length documents
syntactic conversion
order entities
informed decision
several interactions
tim first
data categories
heavy np
propagation may
simple form
7 mb
position numbers
general schemata
nominal patterns
null tor
basic methodology
lower mean
generate alternative
segment function
balancing precision
grammars called
common features
symbols p
fail completely
achieve relatively
directed translator
two language
learning biases
agency based
map database
input requirement
fall short
scheduling algorithm
tile procedure
utterance un
time understanding
contrastive contexts
paper 1
length two
relax relevant
training program
article links
treasury secretary
three differences
word modifies
reliable reference
annotated resources
resulting automaton
orientation model
evolving discourse
note though
comparative studies
adam kilgarriff
whether wi
answer recognition
simplified grammar
predicates would
template describes
many interpretations
count would
foster research
different quality
tile w
lattice generated
sentence beginnings
covered position
possible structure
perform supervised
first employ
acoustic likelihoods
lexicalized phrase
picture frame
final report
ceptual scheme
ai programs
frequency ratios
standard pos
path along
bas partitur
subsequent mentions
external non
interpret correctly
known context
order mixtures
indexing information
engineering students
sort shown
certain grammars
document rather
whose inverse
role names
large constants
stated information
confirmation labels
interface rules
preposition przez
shows l
resolve referential
cascaded learner
indicate explicitly
turn implies
additional tags
coherent description
left term
approach works
conversion routine
passive clause
particular parameter
even systems
boolean features
long collocations
pcfg estimated
problematic features
different tone
spurious results
topic attribute
computational language
different tones
system formulates
user may
differential term
project seeks
configuration occurs
approaches taken
parsing trees
bilingual information
line use
category 6
following conventions
880 test
projection algorithm
fit within
grained dataset
separated language
merialdo 1994
another direction
enemy ship
instance record
j th
agglutinative language
much looser
distinct lexicon
intentional state
agreement among
direct ways
dependency matrix
chinese syntax
towards selecting
translation experiment
recognition cannot
grained tagset
validation pattern
atis corpora
given index
second loop
structures might
effectively reduces
parallel coherence
vp idioms
also yield
correction systems
gradual ban
transfer step
pour permettre
modal languages
xml tree
pictalk system
analysis involving
improved alignments
thesaurus entries
verbal particles
speci cally
good degree
detection research
training tuple
semframe frame
simple categories
principle based
first workshop
morphological model
finite vp
equations may
general means
tim target
improve performance
classic word
whose nodes
details regarding
augmented translation
computer tool
several information
answers according
recall performance
simple multiplication
tutoring dialogues
parameters could
define different
pragmatic anaphora
alarm rates
knowledge directly
z r
three argument
semantic vector
since human
abelson 1977
estimation becomes
suitable grammar
modern text
inherent difficulties
system robust
mutual dependence
verb morphology
something true
conditional descriptions
sentence pronoun
order co
svm classifier
software architectures
expression also
top frequency
multiple classifications
des donn
latter method
intuitive notions
crucial requirement
morpheme level
minor differences
multiple solutions
null ble
topic types
density parameters
departure time
several alternatives
6 presents
linguistic style
oblique complements
time index
le bon
korean transfer
p using
additional mapping
infinitival form
processing algorithms
segmentation results
feature sequence
major changes
modifiers would
affect whether
cohen et
15 errors
categorical attributes
free approximation
id information
secourir 2
variation phenomena
precision alignment
fluent pauses
although see
write n
participants form
plural pronoun
attribute relationship
reduce move
2 categories
agatha christie
18 months
verb vh
holder candidates
false negatives
unique attribute
margin strategy
complete network
mt environment
context assignment
irregular forms
wiebe et
future program
higher mean
dependency semantics
graphical depictions
transparent interface
dependent strategies
language source
gas turbines
a28 a8a34a20
table might
processing schemes
considerable potential
e messages
default slot
system maps
segond et
v2 languages
combination model
process thus
little sense
entity alignment
aoot 1992
surface constituents
create summaries
horizontal bar
analysis results
word occurs
coverage dictionary
coming years
actual boundaries
similar representation
system typically
coverage tree
different users
basic xml
email conversation
quality data
term corresponds
possible protein
hon sun
tree notation
row k
bakes cakes
estimated frequency
separate passes
flexible idioms
goodman 1986
one e
sibling pairs
tree walk
semantic distribution
2 answers
xtag project
gini impurity
subject accessibility
whose branches
svma35 a11
basic constraint
node n
word manager
corpus formed
users often
synthesis algorithm
existing code
driven tool
similar mechanism
c program
actual size
constraint df
errors since
level time
five parse
hele nacht
pp cases
reference determination
thematic functions
local network
shared terms
another possibility
manipulation method
criteria underlying
major ones
written information
complicated sentence
line 10
syntactic constructs
possessive agreement
possible movements
un ensemble
level speech
proceeds deterministically
better accuracy
derived genotype
data manipulation
conceptual constituents
complete expression
referential nps
combines syntactic
shift sequence
adequate translations
used newspaper
phrasal term
auto companies
often treat
significant number
phenomenon test
image database
gou want
optional parameters
words fj
substring pairs
predicting subtopic
evaluation bitext
possibly non
real progress
nodes c
rule defined
human sense
request could
software engineering
indices within
multiple questions
size jacket
come forward
technical research
underlying rule
open syllables
discussion section
finin et
performance observed
ongoing projects
e qu
declarative structure
class could
statistical variations
polymorphic categories
attribute combinations
decision could
jones would
uses memory
de propositions
interval based
partial plan
students build
spoken output
category represented
fixed grammar
separate domain
future discourse
grammatical sense
estimated proficiency
everyday speech
referential movement
la proposition
individual sentence
document suite
new standards
linear programming
final retrieval
domain like
size bounded
larger expressions
strong intuition
two configurations
system logs
cp algorithm
make progress
recall estimate
provide generic
hierarchical way
using pearson
poor pronoun
require little
answered questions
linguistic distance
bakeoff results
documents created
objective feature
unambiguous sequences
intelligence project
set links
readable format
useful technique
answer given
contain detailed
system recognize
investigates two
tag whose
construction makes
walk algorithm
individual phonemes
lexical dictionary
influence syntactic
level segment
lexical tree
track coach
functions fl
precision error
long sentence
1 pa
patterns exist
strong pronoun
successful rule
standard evaluation
h r
following recursive
incorrect tagging
analyzer called
change ea
approach proves
main section
rating data
second member
core model
composite rule
speech products
9603 training
grammar factor
sauri et
increases drastically
label bigrams
disjunctive terms
assigned class
intransitive senses
branching constructions
resultative construction
following optimization
sample distribution
direct correspondence
knowledge domains
dutch wsd
relative likelihoods
base created
competing sub
fixed time
high confidence
new zealand
bracketing itg
good analysis
nonfinite clause
first structure
certain degree
true labels
sentential aspect
similar study
test method
sorted algorithm
optional deletion
structural decisions
space limits
wsd errors
scheduling function
classifier construction
documentation tools
french clitics
sentence constituent
les uns
expression produced
traditional way
unlinked word
reference identification
xjx n
identity pairs
transliteration performance
encoding exists
flex program
plausible ranking
original annotators
dependencies derived
capture patterns
utterance input
provided helpful
oriented parsing
proceed along
identify multiple
monolithic system
mixed metaphors
driven rules
distinguished subset
pruning task
new tools
revised definition
words match
3 dependency
parameter sharing
quoted string
major impact
three thousand
analyze input
sra system
np position
e based
said something
bare infinitives
programs would
l p
case constraints
mention types
knowledge discovery
chart element
using abney
actual distance
unlabeled words
platform provides
initial time
type specification
answering system
lee 1991
edward p
aspectual type
problem model
queue q
tsc data
development stage
k true
horn logic
representations include
natural speech
another variation
engine returned
different instantiations
initial speech
main errors
equivalence rules
contain prepositions
transfer within
seven senses
lexicalist grammars
collecting data
certain components
knowledge including
embedding constructions
inheritance rule
minimal effect
competence center
satisfaction ratings
possible extension
system classified
excluding coreference
previous approaches
two summaries
apply step
depending oil
customization process
considers possible
whose text
lexical evidence
current matching
opinion expression
syntactic formalisms
finding patterns
minimal acyclic
maximum difference
essay coherence
summary figure
full f
problem similar
multiple inputs
green eyes
different behaviors
memory instance
threshold using
channel quality
figure 25
compound sentences
awk program
fait des
appropriate probability
second transducer
random processes
leave room
gain criterion
level senses
inside probability
four digit
sl analysis
a0 a101
model actually
fact allows
full definition
parser improves
translations even
attribute relation
create models
embedded noun
specified type
ending times
associations found
phase method
best ways
different anchor
guiding principles
tumor necrosis
thorough analysis
airfone 1991
character per
telescope service
ironic utterances
constraint programming
higher f1
row 3
speculative fragments
say b
compute several
supervised setting
intended communication
monolingual run
good starting
tree banks
grammars described
means clauses
building dictionaries
results suggesting
short answer
language sentences
average runtime
bengali word
appropriate segmentation
live closed
medical tagger
wider set
features grouped
groups may
better comparison
maximizing likelihood
oudeyer 2002
tagging mechanism
free nal
list r
complete alignment
rule subsets
particular sequence
initial segment
six systems
appropriate filler
unique pos
contextual background
modi ability
representation hypothesis
gerund phrase
one sets
schema must
transcription w
larger chunks
incomplete representation
generative lexicon
encode specific
provide definitions
order requires
meta descriptions
perform actions
tag nn
3 instances
linguistic practice
form tag
statistical nlu
past attempts
permutation function
concept appears
arbitrary tests
correct constituent
auxiliary data
substantial amount
parsed dependency
cleft clause
section may
recognizer failed
group sentences
forms expressing
recognition part
real objects
direct head
containing terms
many recognition
weak preferences
professional indexers
relation sense
dependency principle
avoids heavy
one caveat
retrieved paragraphs
rater b
1 arguments
seven labelers
produce explanations
processed corpora
certain adverbials
dans lequel
word compared
entire qa
grammatical generalizations
syntactic graphs
conscious effort
passages returned
fob lowing
pronoun subject
speaking children
wsj domain
standard printed
keizai shimbun
produce sentences
verbs make
particular strategies
csr database
word xj
depth less
instantiated f
whether context
gaussian means
position relative
lexical meaning
informative segments
word virus
situation 4
complementary roles
inserted words
ut also
error corpora
swedish treebank
model underlying
trees due
jaccard similarity
develop systems
pair sequence
unnecessary work
description becomes
parsers including
soft pattern
combinatorial properties
name forms
extracting pairs
software products
using similarity
types differ
coyote hill
ltp rules
features added
head phrase
gasperin et
use giza
lexlcal resources
terminological data
either apply
document alignment
linguistic standpoint
order relationships
one described
operational models
entries used
interface elements
en prenant
classified ads
member parsers
switch points
theoretical properties
gical analysis
brief mention
reductionist approaches
retrieval time
original work
vform x
transition sequences
collocation preference
actual practice
derivation must
good baseline
contains frequency
th alignment
structure varies
users via
per week
expansion ellipsis
extract good
states directly
every dictionary
qa test
60 times
order context
acquire data
discourse subordination
ambiguity packing
verbal sentence
interactive cat
treatment proposed
model parameters
related part
system manager
input already
uszkoreit et
modifying tree
finin 1980
structures based
treats every
chacun des
sentence information
newspaper style
event occurrence
spokeswoman said
kong government
phrase levels
based grouping
readiness rating
multiple features
ill fact
b john
tongyici cilin
causing x
probabilistic taggers
two restaurants
children may
potential site
traversal counts
success criterion
incoming arc
simple pairwise
partial scope
efl expression
models per
categorization accuracy
errors found
modeling techniques
major categories
annotation experiments
change depending
visual language
text token
impression keywords
word processing
given domains
speakers find
null wordnet
accurate models
phrase operator
sentence alternatives
advanced algorithms
dark side
functional dependency
name finder
irrelevant details
segments cannot
prepositional constructions
linguistic property
critical component
le franqais
indeed use
maximum degree
using gold
x occurring
written x
informational components
fragment detection
u n
general set
logical consequences
using contexts
scale test
high false
various others
nasa ames
region algebra
attributes used
location description
cluster algorithm
empirical estimation
lexical override
complete automation
police say
expressive formalism
underlying non
negative values
link represents
attitude verb
x saw
acoustic clues
long answer
dl language
sentences since
conditional joint
null arguments
code symbol
specialized sub
1 q
organize text
np patterns
nouns w
certain arcs
ontological representations
component morphemes
helpful responses
old men
word confusions
user choices
topic initiation
apple macintosh
table based
free combination
small frequency
string unification
primitive notions
interactive track
alternative machine
position may
rhetorical questions
possible continuation
collocation discovery
combination obs
structural paraphrase
substring covered
choosing sentence
following program
formula x
claudio giuliano
total turing
proper sequence
form occurring
adjective senses
per abstract
similar candidates
although th
proposed decision
efficient resolution
best extraction
mentioned systems
capture aspects
modal dialog
learning toolkit
lexicalized version
without selection
35 cases
shortest text
tree describing
annotated text
process verbs
unification parsing
article discusses
translation accuracies
weighted graph
meet two
weak generative
type p
e de
edge weight
repair type
16 shows
work suggested
first extension
lack thereof
glossing algorithm
interrogative words
macro structure
ga model
whole path
remaining part
lexical nature
apply within
large lists
word unless
sentential connectives
category features
processing engine
phrase sequences
de arches
paraphrasing phenomena
discovery algorithm
different abilities
test bed
standard set
static typability
opine uses
routing problem
category also
standard outputs
underlying base
incorrect response
defined conditions
score assignment
new rapid
linking score
generative linguistic
nl interfaces
alignment paths
variability across
different heuristics
robustness issue
correct information
acquisition proposals
terminal rule
concise summary
social process
depth semantic
reduction method
vp chunks
use translation
grammar interface
x idf
larger networks
exponential space
rbe searches
assigning sense
er gestern
verbs related
journalistic style
extraposable clause
application types
making reservations
chaining stops
alignment costs
1 li
lambda expressions
ir methods
48 hours
using cass
given names
different occasions
character node
edges produced
distinguished child
select among
first response
single overall
lexicon construction
target occurrence
montague 1970
practical constraints
first chapter
frank smadja
corresponding prolog
sa constraints
based representation
simpler measure
use maximum
speech communication
role tagger
model suggested
associative anaphoric
choice may
annotation used
analyzer described
gapping sentences
quanti ers
developing resources
one framework
finite forms
weighted majority
factors relevant
shaky ground
strong information
student writing
performs significantly
form acceptable
situation holds
competitive baseline
root node
formal speech
best theory
domain annotation
particular task
dans sa
based mechanism
ranked cf
results suggested
article 2
predictable way
nil processing
collection page
weight c
structural compatibility
discrete components
range constraints
la n
strategy 2
existing trees
following discourse
erroneous analyses
industrial applications
relevant translations
feature denotes
experimental designs
sample document
user gives
noun category
assigned probability
names using
example points
errors generated
sample session
specific roles
talking parrots
heavy load
properties like
alignment appears
availabl e
initial mention
local variations
classification models
extraction model
select modifier
decay rate
since nps
student input
iterative methods
space bounds
evaluation consists
ask hearer
tags whose
mainly describe
html pages
items found
candidate names
developmental sequences
ask whether
ungrammatical constructions
context consisting
paraphrasing methods
parse filter
depth first
international conferences
gramma r
standard system
phrasal entries
separate sentence
null q
values closer
appropriate generation
assumptions used
data records
data matrix
kaplan 1973
corresponding combination
travel planning
input sentence
backward trellis
detected esl
middle left
heuristic works
wide variability
number correct
c interaction
ke li
category c2
final position
word b
relevant subsets
enhanced phrase
recent word
precise rules
las palmas
structural constants
e texts
grammatical utterance
mdl approach
message transfer
experiments suggested
building ontologies
technology called
actual tree
quality semantic
character frequencies
single section
natural interface
derived types
yields statistically
provide support
german part
one person
60 documents
handle wh
attribute selection
paragraph initial
final output
bracketing accuracy
serious work
two novel
grammar ill
pass filtering
handle linguistic
user agent
latter choice
several thousands
total importance
nuance speech
parsing state
show evaluation
program achieves
pos bigrams
possible constructions
morpheme boundary
progress report
using hpsg
memory restrictions
unambiguous examples
unacceptable forms
ptb data
continuous mixture
legal sentences
event tracking
spoken dialogues
darpa communicator
whose daughters
provability relation
system compared
growing set
representations built
accept sentences
dialogue machine
blank space
free english
later information
speech point
8 test
token representing
cluster coordination
rules need
known information
head terms
cluster corresponds
potential uses
c w
clause 3
graph partitioning
saw n
exhaustive treatment
semantic database
influence upon
quality labels
yield clusters
theorem 1
ne data
sentence position
5 minutes
accent pattern
architecture design
e vn
implementation consists
relatedness score
independent observation
probabilistic treebank
computer users
either discourse
except pos
references back
greater potential
communicative interaction
model general
possible successor
al 1994
typing function
stylistic variation
end l
corresponds directly
classify unseen
human checking
automatically builds
strict partial
corresponding formula
telephony research
describe semantic
benchmark tagging
automatic transcriptions
romance languages
content selection
simple state
processing required
du prix
identical tags
feature equation
car spoken
corpus grows
grained relations
structures de
attribute labels
suzuki et
inverse document
l1 words
counter air
larg e
simplified view
6 month
current structure
standard benchmarks
specialized applications
previous feature
text written
last bunsetsu
mt problem
quality may
contract f49620
ka component
development corpus
linear transform
developed methods
deductive systems
using plan
databases containing
corpus containing
comparison relation
irus paraphraser
algorithm hypothesizes
current tagging
geospatial theory
attachment relations
important case
adjacent parts
testing documents
manual filtering
every morning
known work
stage performs
adjacent windows
avoid obscurity
expansion rules
de choix
alternative expansions
individual recognition
linguist uses
e prime
utterance like
data corresponding
zu lesen
predicate expansion
small subset
100 types
another instance
unfamiliar words
tsujii laboratory
inner workings
extracted topics
attribute may
semantic principles
applying rule
selected alignment
cky algorithm
line contains
context variables
autonomous word
concentric circles
discourse modeling
relational constraints
maxe p
usual sort
a9a12a11a40a13 a15
inappropriate usage
relation forms
procedure produces
governed structures
preferred relationships
phone number
short essay
meaning representations
activation level
constituent category
cognitive relevance
nn classifier
subcategorization feature
c ranges
features p
collection contained
propositional level
free intermixing
john writes
two frameworks
verb phrase
approaches require
atr questions
moved constituents
formalism includes
darpa n00014
differences rather
link sets
author also
term representing
process real
intuition regarding
grammatical theory
lecture notes
fundamental difficulties
tree 3
statistical scores
common pattern
result x
evaluation package
sentence x
selection according
time units
kay 1973
traditional q
3 occurs
value languages
components may
tense etc
approach attempts
correct supertag
proceed smoothly
various candidates
principle similar
full transcript
programming matrix
whole list
remain independent
content may
monolingual applications
various areas
containing zero
ambiguity degree
sample database
without identi
items generated
st ructures
eight iterations
second fact
north hills
candidate units
planned response
negative classes
proving process
german morphology
regular words
industrial research
rhetorical features
lce rule
english chunks
sort file
including news
times within
successively deeper
english pronunciation
sample used
14 questions
two disparate
three rule
noun number
concept level
reasonable job
tested models
tends towards
point two
skewed distributions
word occurred
termination criterion
corpus cannot
fntbl 1
automatically mark
computing statistics
multiple lists
common goals
repeated constituent
main focus
emerging field
index r
similarity measurements
usage data
another explanation
computational frameworks
using variables
relaxation parsing
argument rather
results demonstrate
cannot necessarily
accuracy dropped
trees assigned
educated guess
instance attributes
degree modifier
functional antecedent
query consisting
pragmatic theory
evaluated translation
operates independently
specific tests
form parsing
speaking styles
methods generally
sentences found
learn classifiers
navigation tools
placeway et
one training
phrase including
grammatical purposes
relation finder
inherent roles
maekawa et
work extends
phoneme based
multiple parsers
identifying opinion
speech styles
n samples
parallel relations
causal preference
shape similarity
nearest sentence
cannot mean
layout base
apply tbl
given stage
candidates found
represent sets
minimal similarity
raises serious
provides suggestions
modality input
linde 1979
annotated utterances
grammatical head
form hypotheses
training attributes
set 2
turn sequences
jv template
standard syntax
structural features
tile goal
extended text
another location
f k
core lexical
following statement
null conclusion
possible events
strong position
numerical nes
first notice
results table
parallel replacement
arabic surface
p 0
morpheme concatenation
phenomena occurring
templat e
myra grows
karaka charts
optimal systems
circularity problem
corresponding scores
character encodings
formal basis
start looking
numerical indicators
average wer
manual transcription
ambiguous v2
invented telephone
boundary cues
convey information
preference constraints
verbs appear
sd root
discuss techniques
temporal locating
federalist papers
chain patterns
simple representative
continuous case
recognition categories
relevant clusters
chinese newspaper
jack put
levy 1977
expression pattern
2 corresponding
elements related
complementary ways
learning content
average percentages
size 4
model extends
simple rf
optimization algorithm
50 sentence
car keys
rules like
existential operator
prosody model
transition feature
therefore produces
definite clause
complete bipartite
rule symbols
one reentrancy
look ahead
topic representation
interval model
disambiguation requires
correspondences using
given reading
valu e
value function
hypothesis using
system failure
categories simultaneously
subsequences kernel
chunk table
morphological derivatives
relationship within
parts database
10 sets
13 times
distinct non
tagging part
severe difficulties
useful type
resulting sentences
capitalized translation
whose relation
weak stl
motor control
st word
rit codes
proximity search
also gain
dialog structure
parsing uses
category lists
metrics defined
general role
documents automatically
models produced
30 iterations
transformational account
powerful methods
general understanding
1 test
human summarizer
big issue
require reference
compound predicate
hard cohesion
available version
delay time
theoretic point
existential presupposition
phrases may
since document
include prepositions
verb clustering
gjw 83
computed similarity
involve quantification
construction must
simplest models
practical sense
target responses
eliminate incorrect
whereas english
lexeme l
assign boundaries
sentence degeneration
bemn width
student takes
es una
5 inclusion
source tuples
person years
potential collocation
combination scheme
objects within
index iy
perceptual phenomenon
predefined domains
menu specification
distributed lm
sentence formation
query variables
concerns cases
a12 a1
grained approach
something mentioned
auxiliary labels
interleaved pruning
vb vbp
recent example
including concept
term indexing
explicit modeling
gram matches
people know
potential translations
descriptive strategies
method constructs
user belief
alignment shown
produce pairs
suggests possible
static component
clinton administration
japanese newspapers
nl parsing
community since
initial biasing
associative anaphora
verb voice
4 sub
unix command
fifth columns
mainichi newspaper
plural formation
weighted vectors
file evaluation
since r
leaf projection
lexicon contained
disambiguating among
desired input
computational procedure
reader already
word null
ai vision
section gives
high retrieval
singular plural
sequence output
political prisoners
tmr element
problems noted
e model
system beliefs
greek words
noun distinction
finding noun
bilingual wordlists
w elements
verb might
standard role
avoid error
context weights
data defined
unification algorithm
substring match
syllable types
committee decided
medical science
given phrase
meaningful sentence
textual sequence
alternative solution
sentences generated
following conversation
level transfer
greater processing
argamon et
constant elements
zacharski 1993
predicate semantics
6 rules
yellow nodes
case forms
discovery phase
syllable weights
current technologies
fignre 1
candidates generated
method effectively
2 uses
gating units
engine could
unit status
empty nodes
high specificity
online tools
forward viterbi
e similar
process input
helps make
acquisition services
frame c
w ranges
knowledge enables
hatzivassiloglou et
person subject
constrained set
input often
possible hidden
anaphoric antecedents
repeated information
context unit
many valid
modified head
antecedent within
child c
government panel
negative logarithms
first argue
head based
dependent features
predicate corresponding
chinese surname
major motivation
two kinds
pause information
single linkage
identifies three
similar domains
p1 wants
senses using
tile sample
sentence representations
frequencies must
actual vocabulary
time phrase
deep triples
admissibility conditions
order interactions
facilitate comparison
new unification
figure shows
summarization component
includes questions
technology described
alternative semantics
atomic semantic
argument expression
generate candidate
cosine angle
following interaction
biased discourse
core scheme
types provided
movement across
alignment contains
entities play
airline reservations
learning management
found gun
seems co
older version
using techniques
computing power
candidate phrase
feature also
characteristic property
human hearers
speaker utters
classification procedure
using weights
wrong inflection
also influence
high fp
quantified elements
ion 3
tal formula
logical representations
close neighborhood
identify complex
clause theorem
collected statistics
many verb
segmental duration
extensive training
anaphoric use
traditional dependency
determined set
exhaustive dictionary
knowledge bases
performing system
speaking rates
question concept
fall roughly
tag w
common context
phrase final
hand annotation
items consist
several tens
authors gratefully
preceding turn
adverbial clauses
step instructions
speech rates
segment pair
animate entities
utterances play
2002 qa
containing gaps
annotators found
personality trait
less detail
noun heads
selected category
observed results
following w
actions pursued
preliminary ideas
np immediately
embrace every
whether information
encode constraints
increases processing
table entries
likely context
verb bases
world agents
complexity metric
restricted task
avoid noise
form different
14 features
main problem
simulation process
execution 6
expression requires
label lscript
include developing
tile topic
entire plan
message domain
distinct supplements
smadja 1993
valued variables
syllable division
data splits
feature involved
external applications
understanding stories
entropy techniques
connectionist networks
atn network
intended reference
sls systems
basenp immediately
important properties
latter test
improvements may
show system
phenomena peculiar
parses given
parent c
feature across
catch fish
patterns taken
computer manuals
containing word
tile parse
f measure
head term
pair statistics
task takes
tei header
words ei
15 features
entry types
gram part
answer systems
value list
one parses
greedy procedure
copy mechanism
subsequent input
de r
hu et
complex fs
null proof
kasper 1985
sentence vs
darpa sls
matches would
coders coded
following elements
several readings
metonymic reading
role assignments
formed sentences
simple conditions
cannot acquire
fleet command
possible taggings
estimation method
map senses
time range
semantic reduction
dens la
hierarchical tagsets
argumentative texts
like user
recognized turns
processing consists
order information
similar names
larger structures
three non
spatial deixis
hypotheses starting
motion concepts
research domain
including wordnet
measure helps
graph data
baseline mt
publishing date
occurs essentially
bakeoff 2006
vp becomes
information respectively
database interface
values like
best spanish
maximal context
three improvements
based disambiguation
vi c
metaphorical domain
conversational partners
reader knows
comparative study
candidate relations
query types
mary pressed
important reason
relations serve
comparison may
elements including
tectogrammatical relations
senseval competition
leave space
inferred co
derivable items
different markers
high perplexity
also drawn
gathering data
sources need
data subsets
phonetic coarticulation
solve certain
sro transcriptions
matching program
additional heuristics
mean values
complete analyses
poor readers
expected ones
onto categories
acoustic front
pa rule
pp de
new databases
relations based
three slots
discourse studies
resulting vector
either w
perrault 1979
uses supervised
typed system
medical texts
descriptive task
following annotation
common superconcept
5 types
cause two
elements appear
mei et
collects information
active category
line translation
75 minutes
full parses
trainable anaphora
generates new
without subjects
pragmatic adaptation
multimedia documents
definitions containing
whose models
1 table
representation formats
generation phases
enhanced version
karttunen et
come later
semantic probabilities
discovered patterns
developed software
british telecom
svm classification
catastrophic failure
naval research
effective query
sequence patterns
utility effect
non tag
specific user
heuristics may
understand better
algorithms directly
manual judgements
sense disambiguator
uniqueness property
pim fortuyn
time tagger
empirical counts
partial view
use three
1 clause
guiding grammar
10 person
constituent heads
object control
rel system
remaining tokens
show many
2 f1
object feature
reducing state
similar problems
local scores
focus rules
terms one
accurately assess
natural processes
methods vary
labels consist
linguistics resources
contribute little
structures considered
bitext word
next tuesday
correct vs
comparing systems
constraints proposed
acl reviewer
clean training
clauses appear
chosen set
new generator
sao paulo
0 meaning
valuable assistance
constituent marker
tone types
phoneme word
existing corpus
without building
minor improvements
reporting events
immediate sub
preposition denotes
x returns
universal nps
statistical indicators
target narratives
salton 1989
waihee stream
renaming rules
mann zu
inflected morphemes
tree needs
length penalty
prolog predicates
matching discourse
candidate might
covering set
chomsky normal
follows c
monash university
tokyo institute
equation x
edit text
current technology
three tapes
language used
first proposes
single focus
words ill
rule accuracy
new entropy
dialect difference
sentences consist
layer size
roy j
generic definition
graphics display
conceptual constraints
null coreference
existing approach
connective elements
h j
result string
dependency lengths
sentence string
achieves 79
phonological category
involving words
top tier
standard deleted
form obtained
model search
language covered
network parser
existing state
overall data
theoretic metrics
information displayed
parallel version
broader domains
l objects
adjunction operations
person rather
extended data
problems require
loud amplitude
crl system
xerox task
ne labels
type series
social groups
romanian coreference
annotating texts
based investigations
conceptual inferences
variables correspond
category co
check method
processing package
disambiguation could
seki et
identify documents
horiguchi 03
various domains
latent topics
explicit quantification
another concept
ignoring sentences
large context
four points
device called
functional equations
specific extensions
different framesets
old theory
texts one
tagger assigns
existing records
simulate human
solved formula
reference rule
based morphology
analyzer parses
carry much
often perform
mit training
process need
jam system
evidence alone
core element
traversal algorithms
multiple goals
topic candidates
initial ee
input via
cost valuation
example screen
particular features
causes significant
book indexing
paraphrasing examples
topic areas
display request
satisfy condition
user exercises
yo u
lexieal rule
based coherence
compatibility constraints
using prosody
procedure used
companion paper
canonical graph
ascribing adjectives
synthesis components
sin fact
metonymic relations
functor combines
choices given
communicative steps
program designed
processing modes
expressing rules
higher accuracy
two gender
dominance link
classify nes
abstract goal
includes features
reading level
original summary
unbounded size
one commonly
blonde princess
trec test
3 b
candidates may
image senses
models required
valued weights
novel unsupervised
liberation rule
warped cepstra
segment ordering
population algorithm
cluster around
cu communicator
increasing concern
observe similar
optimization phase
algorithm concerns
point fft
sense per
labor negotiation
model development
using ripper
weak syllables
relationship specified
position n
recent survey
initiative setting
ddd methodology
paragraph would
postdoctoral fellowship
previous kernels
may access
smaller improvements
model begins
grapheme frequency
retrieved pages
four tables
3 process
boundary indicators
pushdown transducers
case alternation
pattern dictionary
200 rules
pair features
carberry 1991
f refers
avril au
20 non
sources like
pattern tree
break detection
original speaker
broad class
chooser framework
stock parsing
compact binary
performance even
choice functions
specific biases
certain group
possible ambiguity
fude de
communicative strategy
paths parser
russian sentence
score normalization
propositional referents
prior variance
confidence features
classification gives
particular room
oriented formalism
frequent sense
tile root
possible transliterations
term ontology
categorial types
adjective cannot
closed formula
utterance class
null tem
b denote
definition allows
parsed fragments
even text
linguistic parsing
ordering possibilities
10 training
correct string
probability estimation
possible discourse
falls within
pronoun category
new measure
clausal patterns
message analyser
popular web
single well
mandarin data
french token
task complexity
simplified part
dictionary may
verb based
related relations
file system
valency list
usage labels
various names
la prise
scores used
available texts
word groups
following attributes
surface constraint
2002 release
prosecutor believed
topical co
top b
linguistic hypotheses
production priming
text summary
fast response
language disorders
draft summary
helpful feature
opposite direction
adjacent noun
traditional coreference
conflicting values
de bonne
feature lists
n segments
words enter
weighted geometric
scale ie
features resulting
resulting sign
classes respectively
report preliminary
costly hand
good classifier
classes c1
por favor
tokens contained
hearer would
genre specific
milled wheel
previous parts
contained articles
12 show
effort involving
definition 10
information service
black art
people live
coercion rule
predicates without
slight preference
interface generation
graph generated
a5 a0a7a6
scandinavian languages
ranked based
nps consisting
congressional record
certainty score
focus slot
whose sum
rule predicates
whether x
mention definite
version 1
temporal dimension
phrases outside
slot class
strict precedence
involves summing
aspect information
whole classes
cannot play
productive morphology
requiring multiple
system selected
question q
dramatically increases
ordinal scales
unification phase
sundial system
problems dealing
whose target
contextual grammars
chain crf
oliver et
vbd jj
tree insertion
null derivation
arabic roots
high position
japanese versions
orientation towards
durational adjuncts
pedagogical reasons
viterbi probability
naming function
narrow classes
additional baseline
process rules
differential vector
specific named
debugging tools
los archivos
score weights
recursive concatenation
unstructured list
edit ips
mass entities
easily infer
relations de
actual parsing
stochastic disambiguator
third module
depth n
null labeled
unique index
extraction scheme
sentence introduces
evidence tbr
unbounded distance
uniona102a104a103 syndicata105
column refers
differ among
dependency accuracy
level candidate
augmented case
candidate proper
expected entity
use various
hidden within
features created
system even
measuring similarity
whole object
presupposition within
reasonable efficiency
runtime system
case letter
chosen words
viterbi segmentation
immediate applications
general domains
reference paradigm
concept list
relative addresses
compilation step
automated techniques
features denoting
encode standard
misrecognized speech
arbitrary turing
methods aim
human processing
karttunen 1980
basic adjunct
acoustic distinctiveness
tree consistent
evaluation work
attachment must
translation processes
la constitution
analytical knowledge
form corresponds
precision f
five forms
irrelevant segments
alignment lines
classifiers learned
independent framework
universal instantiation
minimal types
temporal inferences
second word
formalism provides
msrp corpus
full task
machine evaluation
level automata
inflectional variation
official runs
assigns wider
sager 1978
intersection operation
associated features
various problems
linguistic world
text extracts
f c
24 relation
clause appears
desired referent
atomic proposition
left unmarked
process like
autotutor task
relation cause
computed attribute
child learns
seclion 3
remaining relations
bnf notation
negative correlations
name b
base pos
lt ttt
valid sentences
source content
examples instead
probably represent
tree annotations
many systems
multiclass classification
ranked term
completely data
entity recogniser
network represent
method extracted
developing language
tense translation
certain aspect
interesting findings
recurring problems
method classifies
entity definition
complex patterns
matches rule
sentence readings
chinese terms
system structure
models conditioned
called cross
semantic expressiveness
variation patterns
standard assumption
larger tasks
expected answers
structure 4
random seeds
2 clusters
princeton university
select salient
mccarthy 1979
lex sense
binary constraint
time issues
representational power
formulas containing
organizational properties
used word
hand panels
phys tgt
denoting edges
news section
single problem
sentence lacks
source tdag
motivated grammars
measures might
best size
clinical decision
ci j
contain predicates
story shows
first program
alshawi 1992
input graph
implementation work
similar phrase
concepts relevant
chemin pour
first locates
consistency tests
coordinated constituents
commercial world
np start
attractive possibility
build topic
nikiforos karamanis
situational context
thus multiple
recognition state
generation proceeds
phoneme model
names show
nlp problem
intentional component
parser behaves
hub script
home run
colloquial arabic
events involving
actual world
various units
parse free
initial domain
include phrases
kbird system
build parse
affixed stems
restrictive relatives
contains 24
first daughter
case except
expanded plan
hudson inheritance
theory suggests
clustered system
use slightly
looks first
sentence annotated
statistical prediction
goal decomposition
semantic meta
common constituent
29 verbs
flgure 4
selected cues
strings z
prosodic processing
parser reduces
training sample
detailed definitions
general facts
occurrence tuples
link sequence
educational purposes
good performance
wordnet defines
basic smart
excellent source
lone prepositions
a93 a0
decoder could
tree appears
distributional approach
log 2
syntactic phenomena
simple inference
clause modifying
powerful feature
english structures
natural candidate
predict phrase
linguistic definitions
odqa system
initial candidate
column c
spatial relationships
current events
information improves
outgoing link
lexical ambiguities
combined precision
equivalent parse
systematic error
descriptive questions
training upon
complex representations
reduction test
mood etc
bird 1990
b ii
sentence links
5 members
long history
core qa
5wlh index
definition appears
uncovered position
monolingual english
g techniques
shared inventory
output layer
underlying applications
tagging stage
intermediate automata
selections made
computational strategy
considered candidates
cache sizes
generate trees
method tends
alternatives described
special context
solving c
phonetic notation
communicative goal
niveau du
related approach
five instances
original category
command constraints
broad syntactic
important textual
generic summarization
adherent sizes
entity sets
marker occurrences
topic coherence
roman representation
template rules
morphological filter
anticipated discourse
advanced fellowship
adding modifiers
sharing strategies
close languages
name within
literary style
good substitute
descriptive statistics
00 tag
minimum support
objets manipul
world default
module maps
voice response
temporal constraint
first discourse
e ti
level changes
correct readings
clarification dialogues
asr stoplist
every terminal
multilingual applications
distributional behavior
programs run
categories instead
thesaurus used
left movement
small devices
generate answers
another choice
standard facts
path within
3 null
similar range
display information
efficient dialogue
one grammatical
full functionality
sentences independently
npa8 a3
system puts
word threshold
match strategy
task elements
following steps
american journal
generalization procedure
bob knows
free framework
successful applications
time based
primary point
unification formalism
something akin
vowel duration
conventional search
vector machine
techniques seem
assigned rank
wilh lhe
digital broadcasting
canonical verb
lexical interpretation
rhetorical goals
calling john
human b
trading activity
output rather
evaluation subject
translation qualities
segmentation models
merged representation
number agreement
dsp may
evolutionary algorithms
unambiguous instructions
something quite
general problems
double circles
boundary prediction
participants play
protein structure
sense frequencies
syntactic methods
complete enumeration
easy addition
compute word
hebrew words
additional difficulties
constant probability
entity described
daily articles
event lm
event feature
driven generation
explanations produced
system thus
string composed
clare system
text differs
one denotes
human process
edit data
text mode
classification strategy
perfect speech
phrase indicates
see bresnan
three disjoint
sentiment orientation
across sentence
dialogue history
accent information
combination filter
descriptive constants
antecedents within
eld 2
bayesian techniques
given term
two cats
two hypothesis
area may
adverbial prepositional
text category
presupposed information
noun definition
affect user
semantic speech
statistical framework
topological relations
highlights attributes
level ones
clustered words
two tenses
analysis models
sentences si
labelled np
weak root
official duc
condition part
remaining corpus
property cannot
detection criteria
twelve words
programs without
substantial time
statistical summarization
topical chains
therefore avoid
million ringgit
subcategorized arguments
already use
recognizing words
tile constraints
promising applications
vertical dimension
state cascades
score instead
association among
second bakeoff
ehc rule
independent training
using average
date include
templates also
different channel
linguistic planning
b iff
psychological processes
big part
bilingual framenet
correct links
weight l
correction utterances
goldberg et
good estimate
concepts instead
rules achieved
lexical function
partial matches
structure recursively
certain fields
syntax annotation
intrasentential ellipsis
expressions indicating
little idea
node shows
correct variant
nat teru
conditional expression
integration mechanism
training window
dence intervals
refined version
generator shell
head model
complete f
countable noun
un environnement
relevant predicates
op paraphraser
apriori algorithm
3 describes
initial subsequence
involves deleting
initial production
finite size
star trek
role model
usage notes
achieves high
key roles
simply state
auxiliary functions
acoustic environment
terminological status
customization bottleneck
woods 80
accuracy results
tests must
model comprises
augmented lexicon
interesting effects
trees associated
knowledge gaps
term one
another modification
parallel texts
methods often
properly represent
complete definition
use global
admissible block
backward mode
strong links
make demands
candidate term
haghighi et
greedy strategy
modifier relationship
word discrimination
analysis selection
contains b
vector similarities
novel one
probability sums
know already
qa results
activation values
thematic arguments
nanda kambhatla
frequent forms
work involving
error bound
cannot act
linearly non
also test
bob berwick
based units
technologies including
additional markers
text genres
natural changes
second example
labeled f
information values
common information
language corpora
alignment file
composition de
region defined
role similar
function values
topical context
segment would
certain performance
understood differently
jelier et
new c
statistical criteria
part c
complex dialogues
obligatory object
nations university
fifth generation
testing language
prolog predicate
want business
atis domain
one equation
outside computation
sound odd
second model
sentential complements
conduct user
difficulties encountered
trained log
derive discourse
substitution replaces
gamma distribution
general cf
01 level
subjectivity extracts
insert np
11 implies
large constituent
reestimation process
construct finite
phrasal movement
3 places
shorter longer
syntactical structures
decoder control
translation domain
frame contains
proposed rule
three layer
need therefore
gaussian assumption
walker 1978
chinese segmentors
likely token
audio segments
errors due
word verbs
following probability
original number
verbs chosen
transfer pathway
first finds
chinese collection
slu accuracy
concept values
rule together
certain pre
scores fall
every dealer
another skip
generate multi
various phrase
three assessors
left premise
possible interaction
rightmost words
extended gloss
model involving
plan e
implicit confirmation
likely alternatives
network fragment
simplified form
verlag new
warranted belief
increasing amount
cluster analysis
target feature
conjoined noun
derivation produces
vague scalar
output network
management service
deep text
machine outputs
modest improvements
last semester
german corpus
frame level
voice technology
missing verb
basic process
bigram transition
nakatani 1996
following smoothing
lui est
japanese transliteration
acquired rules
scheme given
elman networks
subsequent conversation
natural ones
spelling model
lexicalised tree
differ significantly
levels also
extract terminology
initial ones
without cost
software testing
fitted model
les formats
geometric mean
avec la
structural paraphrasing
vector positions
complicated systems
previous modules
rate shows
intransitive form
relation derived
phonological transformation
synonyms may
upon termination
hypernym relationship
one per
techniques together
mean f0
different dialogue
domain using
blank position
involves changing
cases involve
tile right
different roles
maximal information
define formal
exhaustive parsing
distribution th
learning involves
nigel ward
dataflow analysis
higher dimensions
eliminates redundancy
small b
coders reached
ap collection
two concerns
important pragmatic
german side
general cases
baseline sentence
different symbol
slot filler
computational goal
f appears
component probabilities
a12 a10
extracted patterns
network system
conflation sets
automaton without
house dust
descriptive power
constituency trees
empty relation
focusing techniques
tv program
index j
unification grammars
percent relative
expression information
k document
partial disambiguation
first statement
purchase price
ranking rules
conditions given
pivot est
calvanese et
quantization algorithms
ner system
familiar discourse
individual systems
computer using
every interpretation
speech activity
120 articles
id 2
type el
descriptive features
accurately measure
a4 a9
paper use
phonetic content
multiple suffixes
usually relies
experiments involving
er nach
contextual determination
learn general
extra letters
rank documents
broader range
input verb
bilingual knowledge
model results
probabilistic networks
productive units
study spoken
annotators independently
framework discussed
paper reflects
verb inflection
le 5
reasonable interpretations
computational concerns
major clusters
model introduced
one round
promising research
words present
wei te
local sets
simple encoding
object patterns
planner chooses
filler found
maximal compound
syntactic approaches
dimensional feature
nn classification
initial algebra
machine system
human examinees
also handles
explicit means
see table
per share
differential document
filtering criterion
main entry
classifier combined
excluding pronouns
whose subjects
phonographic errors
document sets
k r
domain proximity
output channels
relations similar
identifying relations
mt methods
sets indicate
typical contents
standard cases
regression suite
part allows
different course
model fitting
projective constructions
file access
computing confidence
preceding preposition
field segmentation
tree learner
level form
trained systems
basic matching
parser showed
wordnet concepts
allow sentences
han character
future references
statistical training
convenient means
experimental mt
index time
shift pattern
use natural
conll 2000
interpret subsequent
wider range
topmost node
like notation
different inductive
decreasing weights
conjunctive structure
every function
clause level
comet uses
ist project
noisy examples
enumeration value
construction component
allow students
yields four
operator scope
complex searches
parsable sentences
measures based
state plays
correlates reliably
feature space
kaplan 1987
cfg shared
discount factor
support multiple
resides within
evaluation programs
shallow processing
typical classification
preprocessed files
takeover attempt
annotated alignments
valency frames
semantic basis
presentation planner
rewriting rules
achieves state
mary built
recognition conditions
des operations
style proofs
called document
annotation interface
feminine noun
verb entries
covers two
great loss
represented ill
prepositional attributes
gain accuracy
system usability
hindi texts
bare noun
although sentences
chest radiographs
antonymous relations
functions extracted
building trees
experiment appear
tight relations
special commands
ix l
routing topics
english tasks
rules interact
two syllables
100 candidates
input vectors
query representation
processing work
primary type
ce dernier
appropriate ways
combinatory dictionary
voice constructions
reference material
use case
values achieved
character insertions
paper allows
lexicons contain
formula 2
following och
ambiguity coefficients
people responsible
paraphrasing patterns
potential explanations
larger sentence
parsed structure
seven categories
relation within
cases either
simplest strategy
maple avoids
patterns executed
predicate symbols
synchronous systems
two sample
whose agent
losing generality
successful unification
classifier classifies
level entity
large information
iota operator
animated agents
null man
potential sentences
arc leaving
lindberg et
tree overlapping
preliminary analyses
talking microphone
constrained domains
conceptual forms
component translates
thorsten joachims
surface dependency
cloud cover
8 seconds
unique names
formula says
ambiguous parse
also demonstrate
given texts
classified data
described approach
shoah foundation
eureka grammar
classi ed
maximal expected
supervised systems
recall measure
similar messages
key activities
ri wkh
probability translation
called r
contain little
level rejection
interesting avenue
based phrase
value pair
observable data
maximum performance
including multiple
local prediction
probability path
level categories
multiple affixation
sequential structures
subword dictionary
sentential content
8 results
person category
argument heads
madcow data
match specific
definition contains
fixed form
good user
big impact
program interprets
conversational rules
reasonable answer
paper demonstrates
bootstrapping system
much change
second question
selection becomes
oriented analysis
tree level
7 systems
candy sidner
templates row
level trees
algorithms perform
automatic mapping
text provided
building nlp
framenet annotations
concept frames
dictionary building
current program
sont pas
complex cognitive
unique individual
accurate parse
unambiguous noun
600 documents
database domain
j pairs
log ratio
weak constraints
4 scores
also table
model stops
different connectives
locative phrase
enumerating rule
similar issues
syntactic lexicons
grammars also
recall figure
distinguishable entities
shaped model
daily basis
program whose
1 achieves
new turn
length ranges
optional nodes
japanese particle
multiple retrieval
different reasoning
30 industrials
two topic
intermediate form
speaker already
3097 test
accuracies ranging
developing models
vector given
nexus field
non verbal
left satellites
precision parameter
tile sense
discontinuous constructions
links two
element bound
also multiple
graphs corresponding
give correct
level answers
generating spoken
synchronous search
first interaction
token a13
permits users
probability band
proper pcfg
latter result
schwa epenthesis
candidate texts
semantical analysis
english pinyin
two parse
another test
3 groups
nl dialog
since contain
different alternations
tagger generally
francis 1967
function looking
surface decrement
new paths
autosegmental representations
hold promise
van slype
tagging approach
controlled languages
edmundson 1969
notational convenience
authoring interface
path specified
many ships
knowledge model
news broadcasts
previous noun
wer score
predicate applies
broader terms
classifier tends
level nlp
segmentation procedure
kay 1987
since time
ipi pan
tile standard
salient individuals
systems along
edge combinations
pairs 1
phrase hierarchy
unique problems
semantic traits
chinese sketch
distinguish types
concerns word
nominal adjective
finite length
bidirectional interaction
desired class
important distinctions
various terms
ordered string
include sentences
since speech
filtered version
case b
doubting agent
concept classes
lexical likelihood
diagram design
current record
wordnet hierarchy
new synsets
sophisticated techniques
et r
utterance generation
scaling method
line object
pass decoder
architecture makes
integrated mode
people talk
multilingual databases
different activities
think probably
segments corresponding
linear regressions
available human
modal force
optimal point
shows recall
r could
ibm translation
based relations
null matching
hours using
null ber
transformation sequences
visual salience
newswire texts
current discourse
analysis procedure
ai workstations
hypothesis extensions
require supervised
object concepts
binary dependency
verbal systems
particular pattern
precedence among
problems might
whereas training
form representing
theorem 3
line algorithms
two clauses
turkish texts
patterns listed
next arc
acquire uval
segmenter developed
relative task
multiple adjectives
clausal modifiee
selected f
concept object
data warehouse
basic tdfss
logical organization
process class
adjective form
inference rule
phase begins
intermediate categories
item derivation
v 0
first elements
work hard
generated strings
translation usually
measuring unit
natural categories
stack congruence
parliament plenary
six data
formal ones
estimate p
intermediate trees
16 times
classes ci
empty relative
subtrees whose
problem reduction
carmel workbench
conventional usage
edible entity
changes according
nlp parsers
single occurrence
direct opposition
dxl rules
equivalent way
terminological variation
negative rule
tedious process
concept frame
different morphosyntactic
art hmm
particular goals
stages involved
compound expressions
either specific
directly connect
based clustering
working text
sentences due
act cor
document summarization
users made
candidate inflection
possible attributes
experiment indicate
czech adjectives
member x
transformational rule
three ideas
scoring set
future anaphoric
fourth column
field specific
features automatically
papers describing
f backoff
hook corpus
canonical search
possible class
task steps
models learned
domain application
one room
successive abstraction
man came
date back
appropriate surface
alta vista
approach retains
underlying prolog
multilingual generator
patterns axe
international workshop
explanation strategy
interesting comparison
element cannot
constructive criticism
tobi analysis
summaries may
experimental domain
suggested correction
turn serve
following formulation
u q
add tag
180 park
state without
show several
mission success
corresponding l
column headings
vector corresponding
paper appears
types correspond
six days
correlation results
extraction contractors
french string
parsing component
performing feature
examples containing
include investigating
context matches
processing written
ocr device
expression x
physical system
following recurrence
parsing sentences
right combination
latter area
ante exp
tile frequency
another subordinate
four miles
apparent errors
language occur
interactive voice
grammars produced
start rule
a14a71a1 a2
account neither
water supply
environment supports
structure emerges
cluster purity
use phonetic
plausible results
relevant pairs
another objection
requiring complex
inferred information
speaker knows
test result
unary branching
temporal dependency
un treillis
john drive
current morph
certain modifiers
produce expressions
coverage grammars
class organization
result 2
whole lexicon
sentence 2
combined rate
candidate entries
wsd methods
decoder output
fa4 e
action theory
nonminimal derivation
three applications
66 clauses
type attribute
tfidf values
previous event
e document
language speech
ordering principles
situational information
functional analogy
number n00039
similar term
whose constituents
research initiatives
utterances together
simple sentences
trace theory
objects located
machine understanding
opinion summarization
statistical sequence
japanese co
chinese word
modules running
appropriate theory
derive w
cases leads
english determiner
verbmobil system
search process
generating examples
annotator training
solutions adopted
goal event
text transformation
rule type
resulting fst
e quite
provide important
broader community
draws conclusions
sierra miwok
instantiated features
recorded sentences
shared element
used wsj
information tells
grammar nonterminals
like determiners
word input
general terms
f contains
think aloud
structur e
starting point
main methods
fold validation
last method
goldsmith 1990
string transformations
gram approach
specific content
mt lexicons
interpretation procedures
solves problems
continue transition
close values
defined predicate
mwu candidates
allow recursion
figure 24
e r
development sentences
e di
projective axis
nl grammars
different policies
worthy sentences
inferences would
two regards
linguistic action
nuance 8
0 algorithm
words already
situation described
shape representation
really means
tutor question
analyzer also
also associate
schema used
marked differences
various issues
linear modeling
checking algorithm
traditional accounts
consumer system
application domains
relevant terminology
perform comparably
forms could
special information
kip must
used character
observation symbol
wider community
phrase word
represent questions
trained reranker
stack processing
section reports
identify events
given model
context dependencies
rule covers
topic phrase
place holders
secondary senses
qui seront
appropriate head
operator applied
cross lingual
specific item
special token
template instantiations
higher type
decreasing strength
construction produces
together represent
en particulier
general fact
q fi
cascaded finite
undergo certain
unit 5
used suffix
adjunction structures
lexical grammars
language discourses
source kb
simple predicates
entities refer
messages per
two root
resulting corpora
bayes theorem
input systems
control function
novel aspect
convolution kernels
categories containing
syntactic feature
substitutable ds
japanese pattern
golf club
reference without
head morphemes
expressions often
cases appear
another table
standard terms
german science
specification since
tense pres
uses sentence
ten times
even rarer
simple static
mathematical foundation
retrieve relevant
explicit set
ace 2004
disjunctive element
syntax probability
fake counts
associated confidence
engine fire
great use
something went
interpreter may
transformations applied
corpus independent
simply guess
different realization
lingual text
single entry
category information
boundary sequence
serb missile
case law
literal compounds
clause path
binding problem
name aliases
6 runs
induction process
verbalized punctuation
action ai
simple comparison
precision trade
step determines
actual implementations
goals cannot
another clause
reliable method
time model
string l
french speaker
load balancing
concept pair
answer point
japanese learners
coordination conjunction
context part
among groups
new estimation
recognizer scores
routing retrieval
nondestructive unification
domain developer
difference since
random splits
correct place
tools necessary
column contains
rst relation
null documents
event logic
show cases
china daily
decoding problem
supersense tagging
table driven
human male
limited ambiguity
weak sense
default reasoning
pred feature
constituents also
wp knowledge
mode 1
higher rates
smt quality
noisy output
september 1985
dependencies like
query matches
simple prototype
network access
search times
wordnet noun
whole would
processing ability
mt software
light grey
utterance using
x exists
tam label
official symbol
domain dialogue
rather inefficient
mimo formalism
approach employs
domain roles
limited discourse
compact model
mapping step
items assigned
pronunciation differences
therefore contain
nm excimer
processing fails
words usually
see pustejovsky
entropic research
learnt automatically
type lattice
richter scale
consistent throughout
evaluative text
baseline recognition
que cette
n performance
modifier may
beam thresholding
transition event
next set
findings include
significantly speeds
building high
layered approach
particular context
5 candidates
notions de
movies essay
implemented procedure
set built
list containing
data column
notice also
one transliteration
intensional phenomena
alignment score
possible steps
entity sequence
c constraints
hearing loss
donne un
anaphoric referents
alignment algorithms
e database
solving level
eight classes
precision equally
parameter controls
additional classifier
computer dialogue
latter results
fewer assumptions
critical factor
bbn delphi
three research
constituents involved
morphological grammar
electron transport
data seem
two fillers
correct knowledge
path among
rewrite step
course many
random subsets
gerald gazdar
np construction
chinese chunking
whole linguistic
correction may
root token
tree path
analysis gives
based comparisons
present briefly
coordination problems
initial seeds
already contains
expansion using
following derivations
perceptual salience
alignment schemes
corpus corresponding
discourse syntax
methodology based
global structures
tasks may
specific singular
recall reflects
exact copy
btm threshold
token fields
attribute joining
coreferential chain
np prep
qualia relations
3 presents
processing programs
first effort
japanese homophone
transcription standard
feature could
methods suggested
dependency type
data children
adequate reference
lm evaluation
times speed
algorithm along
pragmatic meaning
immediate observation
unless l
news coverage
parallel human
character compound
rative de
invariance properties
entity markup
second determines
3 verbs
bouillon 1995
restriction prevents
task deals
topical information
recursive case
hit count
unit associated
wsd approaches
deleted support
clearly depend
two discrete
features attribute
proposition 10
two families
revised maxim
1979 edition
general issues
ap wire
pairs without
word predictor
zero times
classifier system
average path
representations make
annotated constituents
event referential
hierarchy given
containing conjunctions
biber 1993
4 e
tuning phase
new jersey
performs unsupervised
animate subject
novel metaphors
early steps
filler nouns
three variations
list cannot
desired probability
consonant gemination
others depend
morphological unit
test triples
numerous documents
000 morpheme
features exist
linguistic formalism
emmanuel roche
applications need
indirect question
text template
phrase chunking
target parts
done something
broader debate
main topics
constraints provide
various term
different figures
min attribute
found interesting
abandoned utterances
paper next
previous module
modifier nouns
different extensions
hmm similarity
test involving
analyzers provide
desired segmentation
love agent
suffix outside
assign different
school year
features specifying
english keywords
modify nouns
abstract sense
algorithms based
programming technique
advice project
hmguage generation
multiple output
tile utterance
sennheiser close
markov order
contribution made
bulyko et
conversational initiative
operational way
query disambiguation
general descriptive
semantic transfer
chinese example
rules using
two formats
user intended
corpora described
clause referents
null structure
results become
system proposes
eckert et
30 classes
select samples
ratio feature
numerical questions
dialogue engineering
common misspellings
terms 1
clause boundary
current interaction
direct parsing
uses active
conjunctive predicative
whereas another
start non
pv entries
good classification
mapping process
based version
new stepper
solidarity structure
given question
harry walked
combinatorial explosion
four coders
similar texts
order number
part contains
corpus mean
make note
performance penalty
metaphorical expresion
vary considerably
labels assigned
connectionist learning
cue word
activated protein
ce travail
achieve acceptable
multivalued context
chart containing
trial script
word need
corpus uses
network approaches
density language
textual entities
maximize coverage
perform poorly
interactive version
since nothing
cwp set
idea leads
discriminate among
sentences always
relevant type
paul simon
50 systems
event concepts
author information
word takes
occurrence measure
names belonging
problematic dialogues
english auxiliary
initial positions
preliminary definition
ten documents
temporal antecedent
system input
models work
always generates
state acceptor
discourse role
thus results
object noun
5 note
hirst goal
words depending
generic functionality
proper government
new level
nl components
discourse understanding
example set
descriptions whose
different biases
information ordering
emerging research
common string
mixture hmms
derivational family
example outputs
attachment possibilities
transliteration c
small groups
sentences assigned
dialectal speech
word ambiguity
nict multilingual
probability values
accurate way
ensure coherence
possible segmentation
test results
blumer et
training sense
task specific
form analysis
optional silence
c vp
2 children
evaluated properties
dangling references
represent features
functions words
idea could
domain reasoning
certain respects
russian verb
100 snippets
good grades
core grammar
enterprise edinburgh
variable named
second scheme
likely string
compute lexical
nmsu segmenter
among raters
texts 1
best srh
restricted pattern
four strings
expressive subjective
structures used
size f
topic terms
usable information
empirical argument
ejv texts
judge 2
organization cue
decompositions produced
related phrases
blackboard architectures
paper contains
stressed vowel
figurative usages
complete parses
window size
role distribution
data together
noisy patterns
collection system
body jets
clusters become
paraphrase set
following implication
many reasons
agent b
suitable corpus
per input
standard collection
semantics assigned
phrase duration
proficiency scale
000 miles
datr notation
building site
lump together
dashed line
language interface
edge labels
feature induction
many nodes
human labour
offering game
row three
donovan et
decisions involving
ezeiza et
becomes identical
msr test
ocr systems
uncertain evidence
aux r
second derivatives
human raters
quick way
suitable approach
kernel theory
word predictions
reasons behind
de traits
initial chunk
clustering problems
contradictory results
orthographic expressions
compute total
spurious constituents
carenini et
response phase
semantic processes
flattened tree
scoring candidates
additional tests
words known
trec results
behavior requires
complete sequence
grammar workbench
additional reasoning
seeking task
pragmatic restriction
slots already
seven state
accuracy metrics
learn ie
antecedent np
bow a40
automatique de
configuration like
cope well
probe corpus
one regular
lexical decision
notational variant
carol van
maximal string
explanatory adequacy
two constraints
first steps
anaphora module
np1 prep
causal event
l2 norm
intended actions
propositional argument
cant effect
lisp system
include pairs
vague concepts
axioms given
languages concerned
approach would
definite description
entity task
language teachers
nonmonotonic rules
three muc
elements linked
fop lowing
erroneous classifications
syntax generation
automata would
like figure
failed unifications
textual co
distinctions derived
becomes higher
strong clues
rule according
complete subtrees
table used
significant problem
pitch range
category x
focusing mechanism
gene expression
cannot count
handling strategy
7 seconds
verb chain
conceptual density
generating output
incoming messages
free grammatical
grammar given
unique terms
frame specifies
data items
alternative technique
low point
disambiguated examples
handle variations
north korea
broad application
word rules
initial motivation
prefix verb
classified nouns
means necessary
answer since
value would
incorrect belief
patterns might
target concepts
equation 2
distance measure
computational constraints
telia research
based term
meaning associations
small caps
open beliefs
preferred mode
labeling step
generalized extraction
turn exchange
drs constructor
question fragments
extra machinery
remaining phrases
segmentation strategy
also result
adaptation capabilities
pollen forecasts
comparison suggests
directly addresses
tail recursion
implementation differs
particular pronoun
corpora currently
logic language
bootstrapping approaches
nl analysis
morphological dictionaries
dialog interaction
split candidate
multimodal ui
computation involved
size sets
clauses linked
scoping rules
project called
documents increases
france discussed
daughter categories
annotation guide
tagged test
general typology
f maru
4 terrorist
mathematical point
standard mrs
achieve significantly
scores posted
inversion process
testing procedure
definition file
boiling water
grammar matrix
referents within
template filler
three collections
sutcliffe et
event hierarchy
checking phase
important condition
certain classification
contrastive accent
services like
clear statement
morphological basis
major predicates
match constraints
n deg
certain letters
use google
support complex
ase algorithm
par ce
main benefits
narrating action
candidate propositions
best pass
phone conversion
also implicit
medical document
document markup
attach 2
problems must
linguistics semantic
word like
tokens extracted
weak forms
induced dependency
encounter sentences
generate translations
idiomatic entry
learning situations
scheffer et
ling data
byte distance
among verbs
homogeneous group
extraction scenarios
satisfies every
pair could
significant bigrams
large bleu
words get
visual basic
incremental update
fasil summariser
section shows
implicit assumption
corpus dependent
semantic neighbors
vowel followed
database answer
isolating language
sentence adverb
lingual data
fragments chart
change made
write something
per month
present l
deterministic procedure
appropriate key
require significant
whole rule
freely use
tag constraints
deep semantic
generated set
john walks
resonant tunneling
domain expert
practical standpoint
way since
generated outputs
impose structure
concrete actions
definitions state
input permutation
two lexica
modification results
analogical representations
extension may
values using
part thereof
relate expressions
bob met
j according
constrained terms
process runs
baseball player
uni cations
correct ratio
available amount
larger situation
relative delay
together words
collins 2000
intermediate state
speaker recognition
clause aggregation
predicative lexical
without constraint
step followed
resulting speech
enforcing consistency
grant n66001
visualization environment
distinct english
six sections
first probability
adversely impact
incorrect hypothesis
various texts
computer expert
sickle cell
simple pairs
system program
centering concepts
triples using
b parameter
architecture must
numerical features
optimal queries
contains ambiguous
time recognizer
core senses
wildcard kernel
keyhole recognition
pollard 1987
text includes
two pm
system devised
translate text
intransitive uses
derive syntactic
salient object
incremental improvement
sentence processed
chrysanne dimarco
fourth type
human partners
recursive properties
annotators assigned
valency lexicon
small threshold
handle complicated
letter models
second subtree
partial drss
grammar corresponding
generic questions
german phrases
multiple representations
2 items
suffix n
one co
interrogative word
initial matrix
absolute location
maxwell 1988
osv word
governed verb
parse disambiguation
questions 1
category formation
learning languages
airlines fly
volume 14
cache management
feature information
body regions
commonsense entailment
giving tasks
order marker
version 3
segmentation hypothesis
first measurement
typical transition
single equivalence
hypotheses 1
word variants
inner product
scale language
e correct
simple predicate
mathematical text
path parsing
clearly understood
hoc ways
generalized head
real domains
natural solution
restriction may
greatly influences
parser derives
disambiguation literature
planning problem
concepts encoded
thai writing
initial solution
imbalanced data
subtree swapping
n modifiers
big corpus
free comments
second element
guarantees termination
like tipster
common substructures
contrastive relations
rules application
system need
unmarked order
include facilities
seligman 1991
readers familiar
documents onto
construction used
data providers
similar model
certain limit
head driven
three combination
many text
development center
algorithm explained
system takes
part l
heuristic ordering
inferential processing
processing behaviour
null response
examples 8
submitted papers
first contact
online services
following prepositional
human lexicographers
output analyses
recognized sentence
also achieves
negotiation process
empirical properties
sized set
boundaries could
average likelihood
prototype implementation
directional expressions
general convention
restricted context
valid match
fairly precise
accuracy numbers
translation expansion
papers use
used levin
one talker
contains verbs
kaci 84
hit rates
gender discrepancies
tree specifies
referring information
preceding classes
3 proposes
new drug
phrase preceding
morphological link
explanatory extensions
rates may
complete task
1000 examples
conceptual processing
abstract forms
structural position
produces strings
concept lexicon
particular constituent
make comparative
derived phrase
bag made
depends primarily
natural semantics
subsequent runs
le linge
browse information
expected clusters
another picture
journal using
answer data
moshe levinger
initial semantics
dbg system
simple instruction
sophisticated representation
word participates
application range
four evaluation
transmission line
ne instance
longer phrase
common links
turn determine
credit factor
come closer
matching window
level uses
consistent results
total path
reduction results
powerful mechanisms
order 2
interaction act
speech actions
one pattern
containing parallel
equivalent forms
generating patterns
learning path
model language
line encyclopedia
important ideas
medical database
interesting thing
prior works
incorrect goal
sophisticated mechanism
english thesaurus
respective results
kwic concordances
specific evidence
speech disfluency
topic based
basic verbs
morphological agreement
main control
basic tense
diagnostic component
snap provides
emails sent
ones like
adds annotations
egyptian president
external criteria
inheritance allows
gold segmentation
discourse coherence
smaller collections
lexicons containing
linear types
principal source
alignment g
single topics
hypothetical root
method including
every occurence
regression analyses
specific passage
entailment relations
transcribed dialogues
continuous densities
learning function
kare ga
see results
expert evaluation
method succeeds
first deals
corpora training
systems fell
review process
documents ranked
sentences recorded
class label
nous int
bigram backoff
meaning postulates
temporal adjunct
morphological tokenizer
subsequent generation
document task
representations appear
formed expressions
word net
automatic telephone
null posed
edited words
window length
loin du
alternative communication
individual dimensions
assignment may
documents searched
providing ways
ordinal numerals
selectional features
2m words
following vp
senses belonging
candidate morphemes
speaker stress
computer sciences
verb distribution
substantial domain
grammars presented
compromise solution
excessive copying
new lines
query names
cooccurrence smoothing
assigns syntactic
gene identifiers
centroid method
web qa
new translation
richer output
cambridge language
way data
story b
scale acquisition
minority ambiguities
nonlinear nature
part translation
swedish sentence
interesting type
chunk language
network lm
zone de
2 sn
producing responses
manifold structure
related propositions
class construction
1 description
full pattern
includes adjectives
another man
voorhees disambiguating
relative abundance
called meta
linguistic components
rate compared
classify questions
misclassification error
product rating
minority languages
substitution operation
general word
contiguous space
use bayes
exact specification
features arc
largest aggregate
two sense
dicto reading
easy man
des structures
initiative systems
extraction grammar
ways according
ut string
based relaxation
longer range
tag tj
hlp h
apparent problem
segmentation cost
avm representation
multiple dialogues
remaining source
syntactic parts
000 strings
steady performance
topic term
another result
based texts
4 briefly
false implicatures
ir module
information would
lexicons cannot
experimental machine
incorrectly classifies
intelligence community
function would
space permits
alternative morphological
translation given
interactive relaxation
event noun
chinese character
additional user
reduced sentence
indexed languages
domain consisted
potential improvement
topic assignments
phrasal reordering
subgrammar network
squares represent
b provides
used characters
give enough
pooled data
location references
achieve efficient
template generation
context tokens
units using
unfamiliar word
existentially bound
stage mmi
dimensions include
simplex noun
customization effort
agentless passives
two standard
five places
programming styles
fertility zero
principled reasons
simplest way
cohesion features
textual context
reading ease
ontosem text
argument raising
shows precision
prominent feature
syntactic portion
structure specifications
elementary logic
siemens corporate
205 utterances
des actions
suppletive forms
term 1
conflicting rule
average values
acknowledgment behavior
grammars requires
federal court
direct support
boundary statistics
heritage domain
sample domain
syllabification algorithm
model acquisition
conducted tests
comparable data
training utterance
quasi implications
word line
forest classifier
needs different
seeking questions
common substring
recognition component
systems except
standard word
versus passive
singular present
aravind joshi
answer queries
data type
translation matrix
concatenation operation
throws away
system finds
minnen et
pronunciation field
subject detection
copestake 2002
development experiments
state diagram
permits one
tct structure
new counts
also results
greater need
person definition
generation described
sms normalization
good content
deletion costs
three scores
selection method
form one
structure represents
ii grammar
rough heuristic
2 progs
words seemed
terms organized
ce parser
paraphrase candidates
entities according
external training
obligatory rule
precision statistics
meeting actions
class associations
context established
exploiting parallel
many metrics
voice interaction
like nature
project described
proceeds iteratively
interlingua method
particular information
production team
verb movement
igure 2
similar question
corresponding z
greater ambiguity
marginal p
word elements
temporal change
given vector
speech assigned
information stated
container noun
templates could
pos patterns
tiger annotation
convict tied
whose fillers
chunk whose
generic features
pcs triggered
large volumes
initial vowel
shall mention
front vowels
assigns probability
parser run
type representation
utterances according
cunningham et
national electronics
semantic taxonomy
yet support
discourse domains
incremental cos
extraction relevant
sufficient depth
detailed analysis
left segment
called speech
nlir system
various model
ownership system
identifying phrases
michaud et
writing difficulties
george thinks
improvement achieved
functions related
disambiguated output
aspect marker
dialogue communication
german source
e en
room lit
pages 13
expository prose
process using
describes two
found e
contains generic
declarative formulation
linguistic analysis
errors associated
structure e
related sentences
complex inflectional
handle unseen
theoretical analyses
parser gets
clusters whose
another complex
indicating presence
null notice
alors la
useful tasks
processing mode
engineering domain
hmm techniques
one phoneme
liqueur plant
agit de
size estimator
orthographic cognates
system complexity
base conjunction
proper adjectives
two frequency
target noun
evidence pertaining
success rates
structure follows
intervening punctuation
gale contract
word annotation
categories form
confidence information
effectively use
remove non
salience list
extra contextual
classification shows
translation corresponding
another area
length window
large literature
lengths within
score falls
correct kanji
incorrect topic
semantic changes
variable notation
add tags
principal component
intrasentential resolution
text correspond
model relation
feature x
level translations
gender attribute
decision points
optimal settings
limited class
specific nature
art pos
representation process
one relationships
4 training
embedding constraints
appropriate size
new boundary
prolog implementation
plant species
size parameter
single spoken
incorrect parse
pairwise different
local grammatical
multiple searches
user modifies
rhetorical representations
answer generated
parser without
nb classifier
ambiguity without
lexicm items
language processes
substantial changes
several errors
automatic analysis
ohsumed test
graphical component
true test
answering module
border transgression
sondheimer relaxation
recall level
phrases ench
central thesis
qarla framework
tipster information
muc f
mabry tyson
retrieved collocations
different sources
upward pointers
links whose
concept repetition
elements added
lint also
3rd level
parent classes
various media
expressions appearing
required time
emitting markov
two commas
system alt
intersection problem
answer validity
error criterion
specific order
effort may
size training
nie et
parser guesses
known emperor
one context
node m75
cooperative way
a108 a56
term spotter
actual analysis
values decrease
possible derivations
models fail
communicator corpus
time derivatives
dynamic item
zero pronouns
paraphrases would
responses like
con straints
level averages
prefix search
policies generated
relevant pages
site evaluations
enrich wordnet
interpretation becomes
la valeur
bank sense
grammatical definitions
marie de
case determining
xyz inc
b h
three subtasks
elements preceding
weak letter
pronunciation rule
cohen 1991
complete solutions
syntactic concepts
formal semantics
glass window
different notation
interpolation smoothing
400 units
structural representations
similar suggestions
order statistical
neighboring constituents
question analyzer
inherent meaning
either sense
character alphabet
training purposes
tone units
parent object
international events
11 cases
semantic ones
rags data
writers often
clearly show
hypotheses without
tree frames
grant iri
corresponding algorithms
opposite conclusion
transitions using
individual text
list form
kupiec et
taggers need
briefly consider
extracting collocations
points f
english wikipedia
dans leur
parsing improvement
design allows
communicating information
elementary concepts
pragmatics processing
les lois
fixed collocation
frequency data
many relationship
netherlands organisation
explicitly mark
incidence data
plans text
handle english
remaining sentences
sabre system
recognize simple
action within
walkthrough example
predicative element
principal concern
leaves kyoto
parent frame
semantic analyser
model summaries
relaxation cycle
indicates otherwise
receipt message
question even
resource rich
clause object
centering mechanisms
maximal number
pharmaceutical domain
block boundary
corresponding node
bond et
long text
human input
also deal
generation framework
sequences associated
compression algorithms
new file
linguistic ontology
batch learner
100 terms
estimate similarity
importance within
words given
syntactic aspects
tunable parameter
man would
full context
tag frequency
component containing
string v
dots represent
people perceive
classes would
singhal et
less agreement
extending phrasal
inform q
ordinal position
dictionary formats
incremental generators
dijk 1978
expert set
800 words
punctuated grammar
project currently
cursory examination
different importance
substitute metonym
mass vs
probabilistic sentence
dialogue continues
object mappings
approaches mentioned
many data
episode boundaries
contain expressions
advisory dialogues
base units
spot new
distorted sentences
edge e2
node matching
feasible method
scope preference
obvious improvement
general model
graph suggests
clausal construction
bootstrap method
natural translations
boundary features
procedure cannot
shaded nodes
global method
conventional language
word decoding
curves shown
probabilistic setting
conjunctive ambiguity
semantic algebra
normalization constant
context relations
modeling based
initial translations
appropriate distance
rt relation
one patient
five groups
robin cohen
symbols onto
defined procedures
items associated
japanese information
information expressed
defer discussion
new ship
change point
based post
comprehensive computational
generated index
template using
appropriate punctuation
problems considered
chinese compounds
current segmentation
research associates
represent co
parallel document
representing sentence
discourse problems
ambiguous forms
opinion holders
languages whose
inflectional paradigms
learning improves
existing measures
pre 1
e j
context makes
briscoe 1987
definition seems
principles underlie
google coefficient
better assessment
wahlster et
telephone networks
drastically increases
lemma attribute
many combinations
denied expectation
enquiry service
standard bottom
des sous
literal similarity
patterns must
require learning
greatest number
students use
phonological environment
events may
return sets
different routes
candidate nps
overall totals
typical needs
probabilistic learning
tile processing
remaining possibilities
many days
consensus model
predicate type
corresponding frequencies
two subclasses
statistics based
criteria may
gray line
road map
using pairwise
interactive model
standard example
similarity using
une r
second filter
small population
e grammar
following transitions
typical use
possible anaphoric
tape drives
best support
order operation
place deixis
name tags
4 l
best tags
particular position
preferences within
component cannot
heavy rain
humans would
optimal linear
3 rules
research findings
sneps semantic
tree frame
retrieval conditions
increased number
network performs
cation solution
entity features
supervised text
testing strategy
digital library
use mutual
ensemble du
list answers
german sentences
japanese compound
parse trees
fifteen sites
find articles
equational specification
optimum performance
potential match
using relations
geographic feature
systemic ordering
single feature
0 nil
pedagogical agent
automatic routing
step ensures
order formulae
neighbor sets
hanzi words
basic characterization
graphs tend
heydrich et
one claim
formal simplicity
specific annotations
query phrase
sentence include
two forms
distinguishing information
save space
discourse units
scores cannot
word class
constraint means
iff p
four options
nouns classified
ranked document
chart form
positional feature
lester et
aime marie
savings accounts
asking subjects
intonation structure
accurate dependency
syntactic hierarchy
linguistic foundations
act taxonomy
null events
lemma types
several built
marital status
e time
multiple links
monosemous relatives
backtrack parsing
without dependency
simple boolean
particular partial
relation definitions
tree decision
loan word
art evaluation
retrieved sentence
basic input
translators may
results coming
thematic divergences
large number
thematic area
debajo de
allows zero
draw words
proposed research
simple stack
5 see
seven clusters
probability differences
noun bigrams
many projects
per line
particula r
arbitrary overlapping
document statistics
10 months
systems still
ambiguous utterance
herbrich et
oriented tests
goal element
separable verb
hybrid kernel
lookup approach
systems processing
base cases
structure described
single scalar
topics 1
separate dimensions
feature representations
entity involved
des poids
16 vowels
since participants
size 9
sager 1981
coreference sets
four consonants
application based
limited syntactic
complex construction
matching constraints
processing perspective
wierzbicka 1988
level clusters
therefore cannot
therefore produce
complete coverage
onbekende schakeloptie
apply heuristics
100 messages
explicit conjunction
objects representing
uk science
output f
focused plans
disambiguated representations
probability greater
binding phenomena
selkirk 1982
integration approach
neither c
longer version
input nodes
following ways
accuracy may
duc 2003
measure derived
clearly depends
two researchers
glass box
part specifies
rules show
models differ
choose k
theoretical discussions
obligatory slots
aligned elements
scanning left
augmented condition
using voice
many queries
darpa mt
markedness hierarchies
isard et
marked improvements
whether tile
effective strategies
assigned boundaries
alignment consists
appropriate ne
token classification
manual alignment
minimal units
representation null
line textual
special variant
thls case
four words
preposition information
one receives
alignment recall
e relevant
politeness strategy
mccoy reasoning
president 2
estimation results
annotator inconsistency
two utterance
universitat polit
moyenne de
classical problems
labels associated
excellent stories
failure rate
enhance translation
dimension ratios
protein interaction
generation parameter
detecting shifts
works correctly
morphotactic interpretations
pair x
creswell et
phonemic script
made sense
palestinian suicide
analyze every
data according
task success
last verb
unit clause
sampled derivations
relevant expressions
automatic ilc
processing provided
total values
constraint evaluation
bigram translation
essentially captures
fit one
candidate judging
mercer 1993
retrieval cue
salience values
range saw
linguistic experience
identical meanings
notation would
produce significant
avalanche bulletins
since rbe
terms modified
phrases follow
logical omniscience
sentences associated
unrelated documents
possible application
language domain
le lui
observable manifestation
three partitions
recognizer training
query makes
normal type
models suffer
method performs
f v
restrictions arc
model selection
mis en
synchronous tsg
one core
domain adaptation
5 relations
lexicon directly
distinct sets
way semantic
automating argumentation
actual subcategorization
cannot match
argument sequence
text section
semantic entity
text provides
heads h
separate morphological
duc 2001
baseline systems
context approach
symmetric patterns
take top
alignment architecture
within phrases
class codes
special mode
grammatical tags
degrees c
words remain
legal directory
ordinal patterns
axiom leaves
manipulation language
fuller treatment
context state
switchboard domain
proper position
arabic verbal
essay assessor
semantics associated
label plus
verb database
central meaning
estimate automatically
manual query
general question
level inference
diagonal matrix
noun features
base phrase
two tagsets
processors containing
col pora
semantic categories
term classification
descriptive adjectives
proper output
three indicators
specific regions
study done
corresponding occurrences
existing edge
graeme ritchie
decoding methods
structures contain
entry might
title generation
early draft
extended explanation
half plane
lexicon onto
shared grammar
clearly inappropriate
harabagiu 2001
definition states
representation describes
values 0
argument strategies
unsolicited information
phenomena using
de trois
elements p
major claims
output sets
internet security
critical tokenization
characteristic components
account predicts
describe dependency
actual experience
framework project
significant implications
uses verb
initial clusters
since changes
state observation
issue within
propositions ou
tree pair
determined word
1000 patterns
xerox palo
given document
using corpus
dialogue since
subsequent application
modelling techniques
item response
42 times
test utterances
given session
handle negation
digital archive
b 6
author developed
deriving interpretations
use autoslog
unique entries
used similarity
way may
segments identified
cluster sizes
interactive question
previous configuration
simpler case
turn determines
manual error
participants attempt
lfg system
bigram counts
text errors
lexicographic requirements
successful execution
improve translation
partitive relations
expected accuracy
features distinguish
feature identifications
query might
become greater
tagging component
update step
incorporating context
e ha
simple message
independent entities
back vowel
det finds
latter phenomenon
need access
modified np
automated reading
bracketed match
surface structure
frequency less
agreement tests
answer passages
systems submitted
tagging sentences
labels drawn
semantic connectivity
model distinguishes
subject clause
2001 qa
longer term
unit subscheme
parsing experiment
without substitution
average pair
algorithm assumes
answer simple
satisfying constraints
transferred parse
identify attributes
cluster 1
given r
feel comfortable
underlying assumptions
cold shoulder
paraphrase discovery
recognition gave
test language
compare favorably
common knowledge
sidner 1986
entire phrase
names tagged
also restricts
simply produces
skeletal parse
antonyms co
sentences drawn
break placement
research aimed
une bonne
bit vectors
candidate document
causative reading
two maps
operators called
naval ship
f score
weighting methods
conjunction strings
8 khz
topic model
internal rules
rule assigns
complex adjective
distributional measures
june 01
abbreviated versions
approach generates
knowledge filter
eric baatz
possible prepositional
nothing like
adjective clusters
langue francaise
random cluster
surprising outcome
following surface
analysis led
fertility model
state c
simple experiment
root category
tile idea
larger systems
sections 02
andes physics
english verb
document features
faced character
passive strategy
among rules
sequences u
50 dimensions
document also
style algorithms
available corpora
individual data
thought john
consistent description
methods involving
time r
experiments may
button subj
linear sequencing
e basis
la derni
de tousles
rules depends
ce system
werden die
related measures
users adapt
tests used
competing algorithms
using proper
much wider
z given
whose relevance
experiential knowledge
achieved accuracies
current formulation
language production
length constraints
constituent features
system attributes
consistently use
paper three
mmse estimation
name variants
simple deterministic
action specified
similar cross
mining results
involves collecting
represent context
select group
different treatment
partof relation
approach exploits
teaching material
neutral pronoun
male human
association degree
coarse sense
correct errors
includes representations
input text
john asked
appropriate tree
application de
one constituent
centering module
major improvement
important distinction
4 describe
control segments
two child
presentation operator
sentence normally
summary would
yield superior
sciences institute
development corpora
rule rewrites
grammars available
new kernel
values show
immediate complement
five verbs
anaphoric argument
every finite
existing korean
examination shows
minimal phrase
certain measure
basic tool
musashino center
simple memory
probability voting
relation tags
lexicalised formalism
processor operates
efl constants
text h
caching language
story rewriting
file br
relationship exists
products models
processes operating
kiefer et
problem cannot
pos annotated
larger search
node structure
unique model
online translation
word glossing
systems within
documents might
nous sommes
entity lists
expanded cfg
first draft
low association
base tagger
treebank annotation
name slot
containing articles
msra corpus
binary structure
definition 7
unparsed corpus
properties alone
kant system
per class
keywords extracted
indefinite nps
cormack et
textual information
phrase followed
valency slots
conversion experiments
similar distribution
either surface
feature closure
indexed grammars
psycholinguistic modeling
four quadrants
time adverbial
handle e
paik et
interactive human
question posed
reason might
disambiguation clues
shallow input
editing commands
change dramatically
tag rb
given database
chinese characters
remains implicit
dependency networks
program goal
field extraction
chosen word
methods introduced
underlying causes
three sets
triple data
first application
produces many
extracted fl
framenet frames
fragment may
way equivalent
shorter derivations
pump protocols
linear representation
2 focuses
input lf
serious errors
former sense
fewest violations
ones achieved
referred object
system generalizes
x left
overall method
target specification
lexical field
unigram cache
best action
3 elements
np pp
two antecedent
december 1992
one problematic
benjamin brown
matching sense
current window
canonical utterances
ghost tree
select field
texts describing
adding annotations
production set
algorithm still
generate explanations
initial findings
word probability
search optimization
imitation game
probable parse
deduction trees
classical phrase
every linguistic
prototype mt
incoming question
relation mapping
viable analysis
evaluation includes
buch der
supervised data
back translations
following head
contains rules
testing sample
structural links
dictionary shows
based recognizer
dominance principle
older adults
projects currently
equals b
grammar symbols
wild cards
plausible models
latter paper
problems mentioned
prosodic rules
oriented user
order a2
brill part
aux mots
top line
la times
incorrect inferences
pages found
texte et
interpretation tasks
nuance communications
show example
system providing
context sensitivity
system covering
informal studies
element corresponding
news topics
multiple adjunctions
seem like
maria falou
weighted sum
many settings
relations simultaneously
either theory
da sequence
two boosting
call tree
every company
cannot solve
backwards jumps
means determining
act categories
given parallel
total object
grammars enable
present algorithms
item description
parse starts
level act
constraint set
additional notation
maximum entropy
individual queries
main concepts
something cannot
nodes included
constrained model
stem acquisition
framenet classes
architecture component
mention model
singular interpretations
operators f
basic rules
important cues
accuracy metric
word resolution
allophone clustering
widespread adoption
base terms
first rank
parsing procedures
propositions representing
value assumed
modification relationship
tile book
automated clustering
slight simplification
document produced
probability would
conventional models
standard character
a3 a4a5a2
zu einer
set words
snp pattern
legal domain
remaining paragraphs
problems concern
top elements
rate lower
result back
users may
representational nonautonomy
involve extensive
large knowledge
two letter
written medium
filtering technique
long queries
case np
short cuts
document summarizers
menu options
positive evidence
proposed combination
easy extension
human genome
tile best
indefinite amount
show similar
generation strategies
language usually
intensional logic
efficient dictionary
high mi
text conversion
roughly half
universal guide
serve data
proper representations
implementation includes
caller request
anchor branches
text image
production system
plural morpheme
jj nn
double quote
hillary clinton
holder database
higher status
text whereas
5 messages
better method
movie information
000 words
factors play
topic question
appealing way
phonetic interpretation
simple procedures
user beliefs
kernel pca
font change
main aspects
specifies three
side participants
text goes
another response
either head
making sense
framenet frame
distant orbit
learning decision
grammar applies
state transduction
next phrase
directed invocation
des propri
shape tagger
positions 0
discourse unfolds
entries given
four levels
method chosen
prior pause
typical ir
classify entities
middle level
mobile access
new object
one information
penn bioie
containing relevant
formed structures
patterns considered
correlation may
sign structure
dimension expansion
companion web
adaptive dialogue
corresponding inflected
noun sg
time signatures
kasper logic
better learning
nearest neighboring
open syllable
frame lexicon
one token
two week
use 4
assigning tags
rule becomes
substitution errors
morpheme network
parses found
semantic neighbours
every night
distinguish names
lexical rule
new score
automata induced
particular string
center embedded
input since
respective utterances
kitano et
medical speech
cross alignment
shows much
longer texts
derose 1988
thus affect
new frame
constraints 1
null discourse
shows error
paper seems
nlp capabilities
tile length
iida et
probabilities make
tibshirani et
structures formed
gram estimates
sentence planner
generic pattern
equal chance
statistical co
problem solvers
graph associated
include expressions
participle clause
system steps
signed rank
compound sentence
related experiments
null unlike
left brackets
example cases
best quality
decimal representations
weighted cfgs
different percentages
pairs c
often straightforward
fewer occurrences
tutoring system
structural mismatch
greater effort
demonstrate experimentally
larger weight
improvement using
presents three
4 hours
combining subtrees
one work
training step
deeper nlp
abbreviation list
yes yes
nondeterministic choice
overall gain
good use
overall communicative
algorithm derived
better keywords
linden incremental
union approach
null complete
verbs denoting
best formalism
frequency nouns
linguistic generality
specialized algorithms
every tourist
minimalist approach
environment referents
syntactic correlates
plans generated
morphosyntactic category
5 version
glsa term
smaller sets
correct morpheme
level documentation
complete lists
children playing
plan produced
one compound
corpus comparison
3 columns
imposing constraints
called transfer
vanilla msn
theme position
respective language
german paragraphs
literal types
clustering word
version shown
formalism could
algorithm b
using term
new account
full information
iii program
features increases
de quelques
based estimates
individuals mentioned
functions perform
operation schemas
bush supports
comme une
phoneme unit
ne detection
functional elements
x wa
makes reference
whole sub
work specifically
mixture distributions
use restricted
first vp
every field
history teacher
anaphoric properties
lindblom 1972
compute inside
sentences actually
100 texts
formal inference
correct linkage
frequent verbs
th row
latter models
selected top
cyclic sort
standard lexical
rules alone
mandarin news
bill gave
ocr text
selected features
project requirements
object points
many nouns
many target
effective solutions
core part
sub junction
secondary categories
sensitive probabilistic
equal values
produce sentence
operators described
grammar revision
arc connects
special marker
node labelling
appropriate tag
support language
correct pronominal
sentential interpretation
intelligent search
anaan anain
annotating time
sampling ratio
statistical pattern
syllabic constraints
arse tree
also argue
parentheses denote
document lists
product development
since nlp
dependencies using
queue w
theory accounts
make meaningful
superarv structure
sessions 2
ckip dictionary
even millions
annotating speech
determining role
slot fill
parse state
independent phoneme
third contribution
nouns derived
speech associated
predicted edges
meaningful text
null morph
occurring case
white horse
strings rather
kehler 2000
frames found
human editor
functional annotation
aspects within
extra level
context must
evaluation scale
procedure employed
government contract
subjective grammatical
morphological analyser
vector dimensions
represent informational
cohesive devices
partial phrases
parameter estimate
permet de
measure lower
entry term
repair detection
limited window
internal elements
heidorn et
sentence constructs
relationships extracted
bad example
generated abstracts
sharp contrast
portable language
recognizing noun
intensional concepts
frame descriptions
version contains
anaphoric descriptions
months prior
different dictionary
composite localisation
defined ill
a33 a1
linguistic processors
different tree
examine human
including events
thesaurus production
structure 9
liberman 1985
celui qui
indicating upward
shared agreement
crucially determines
flat file
bayesian clustering
standard tst
independence criterion
appropriate vocabulary
new transcription
optimal generalization
consortium members
prediction technique
every meeting
linguistic group
program clauses
three person
dynamic nature
modification relation
patient takes
resulting domain
parses generated
seneff auditory
mrc psycholinguistic
lexicon transducer
making generalizations
generation task
build larger
three criteria
reusable lexicon
search program
combinatory grammars
memo table
computation could
use ten
table compares
retrieving sentences
simple expressions
text expressing
3 effort
derived entries
inferred knowledge
steinberger et
pacific northwest
score th
query term
screen shot
n k
lexile corpus
significant topics
est suivi
new states
possible generalizations
rightmost word
generative framework
additional content
algorithm within
learn language
therefore choose
models provided
based navigation
arbitrary list
de categories
2400 training
quality consistency
rule combines
untagged corpus
time spans
considerable difficulties
minor anchors
active features
semantic motivation
head grammar
tile lower
parsability table
unordered sets
measures used
3 et
brown parser
english systems
internal annotation
situational knowledge
nominal system
errors observed
left dislocations
training size
syntactic module
discourse community
particle movement
vi subword
performs reliably
please go
ontology construction
flapping rule
bell et
unambiguous contexts
compound lexeme
word generation
system segmentation
parental speech
whose dependency
work relates
mechanism discussed
also language
east project
yi zu
separate data
much ambiguity
b also
rule structures
parser generator
structure parses
general scheme
constraint syntax
input data
allowing features
word hmms
incorrect sense
rudimentary morphological
ii interlingua
extensive information
discourse anaphor
japanese string
mapping input
discourse issues
wir treffen
similar document
based vector
type names
available time
native speaker
category 2
frequency cepstral
finch et
another description
np means
eight slots
4 concludes
iterative shortening
approach whereby
search takes
every rule
documents based
novel item
ist programme
application model
mg links
indicates two
noun entry
strong piece
building component
symbol called
available speech
grammar engineering
search tool
space respectively
chunking criteria
path representing
rules tbr
chart state
describe abstract
overall ranking
near miss
haddock 1991
around tile
specific situations
nonlinear function
information assumed
like languages
percolation mechanism
since multi
mentioned donkey
second grammar
phonetic list
scrambling phenomena
balanced subset
vocabulary spoken
schuhmann et
cross comprehension
psycholinguistic studies
free gr
content consistency
base based
researchers consider
communicative step
100 entries
rule actions
final pp
similarity exceeds
special knowledge
rejected evidence
f g
unifiable tfss
extensive work
costs associated
idiosyncratic constructions
oriented tools
a10 a1
linguistic notion
seven sentences
transducers produced
routing module
provide accurate
layer components
wizard data
provides domain
collins italian
selector terms
unmatched corpus
robust processing
biological sciences
five input
symbol represents
bias term
integrated environment
presents various
assignment cost
categorization method
role entailments
surface verbs
agent proposes
word recurrence
1994 evaluation
approaches used
similar experiments
dialog box
distance l
financial services
monolingual acceptions
necessary features
possessive nps
20 dollars
case like
cooking tasks
prosodic quality
seeking goals
among users
frames generated
training within
michael zock
using minimum
left sister
cut link
model gives
la structure
swartout 1983
order section
infinitive complement
reduction relation
individual semantic
levelt 1989
trial data
news retrieval
tim two
train another
global parameters
qualitative evaluation
aggregation algorithm
based distribution
superordinate verb
treebank syntactic
whose instances
acoustic feature
instructions may
audio stream
category knowledge
linguistic aspect
respective relation
possible ways
pp attachment
2 eat
extended wordnet
tokens appear
existing corpora
x deg
theoretic concept
set fa
order dependence
expected count
clinical applications
topic chain
query must
time reduction
smallest k
chapter 8
suggest areas
human users
tokenization dictionary
neither contains
identical contents
original bup
model building
used techniques
system deals
primitive query
argument statistics
automated version
three lemmas
analysis shows
one vote
rescoring framework
three training
specific languages
process every
go codes
different meaning
bayesian approach
else c
identifying pairs
variations found
ya pu
grandparent annotation
individual labels
word correction
typicality range
item whose
referential semantics
nominal words
english development
incremental supervised
important subclass
novice users
relation anaphorique
basic elements
access point
direct adverbials
lexicon constructed
akkadian verbal
relative pronoun
number must
phrase objects
assert something
doc uments
step selects
text represented
ce jour
morphological form
language answer
simple implementation
ungrammatical forms
unification plays
discourse based
perfect solution
presentation feature
deap case
expressions involving
following key
1 w
two zeros
subword indexing
short turns
initial accuracy
questions 3
ir ok
segmental representation
rhetorical organization
des contextes
sentence read
includes links
bigger corpus
conversational dialogue
interval containing
particular acoustic
tile rewriting
functional class
conversational roles
l phrase
tracking module
tree would
order errors
accurate processing
use unigrams
term k
like function
identical letters
markov grammars
directional particles
accuracy improved
single concepts
slot fills
overlapping substrings
roles would
ran faster
statistical relationships
clustering model
two devices
graphical depiction
second relevant
time allowed
p corresponds
intrasentential anaphora
focus solely
4 v
manual analyses
sentence graphs
factor categories
times one
specific interpretation
distinct parses
without change
main noun
input queries
case variants
level predicates
correlation metric
specific product
syntactic specification
algorithm null
present case
quality judgments
800 examples
identify specific
one barrier
cause parse
20 person
gold standard
participle ig
processing includes
en position
derivation processes
kuruma ni
topic ti
corresponding recall
covered set
incorporating information
legitimate translation
test may
basic annotation
sentence a94
de manipulation
solution might
center lists
major procedures
two processing
direct analysis
lexical base
statistical context
fujita et
8 subjects
programming implementation
duffy 2002
structural organization
vocabulary overlap
order quantifiers
a0 pairs
replaceship plan
black dog
corpus together
clauses created
total ordering
possible distributions
ball broke
binomial assumption
dependency structures
original problem
supervised settings
usefu l
phenomena tests
path indexing
bonnie nash
salience ordering
structure requirements
assigned tag
question whose
phase semantic
techniques yield
phonetic likelihood
link information
significant predictors
oriented classification
see paper
highest improvement
graph u
process consisted
case slot
seven sites
korean treebank
primary motivations
individual sections
whole family
set either
operator makes
intentional structures
bn models
system properly
non vide
supporting role
roberto garcia
symbol f
ungrammatical utterance
thompson 1983
outer domain
er fernsehen
feng chien
chinese speakers
lexicai item
language machine
reduced vectors
computational processing
specific function
1 explains
state shown
partial source
approach greatly
compressed length
cts algorithms
annotated dependency
either cause
document returned
component adds
similar principles
predicate eat
system specific
automatic classifier
prepositional head
system runs
output sequence
example terms
four individual
c within
selecting among
attributes defined
generate pairs
metadata standards
variable order
runs based
genetic counseling
unconstrained speech
muc task
individual nouns
satisfiable feature
mary dalrymple
relations relevant
mode allows
000 bytes
translation architectures
wsj 23
buy books
michael elhadad
hungarian text
hierarchical net
real texts
system defaults
return exactly
local co
corresponding scene
similar parallel
approach holds
ran two
wordnet similarity
effective features
pauses occur
grammar tester
algorithm describes
phase may
discourse segmentations
maximum use
new case
11 word
demonstrate significant
bipartite graph
adverbs may
art levels
second triple
dictionary maps
original inputs
ontology screening
default tree
represent information
document co
evaluate using
various document
improve wsd
different nature
sequential log
preferences regarding
bracketing method
kana sequence
based measures
process utilizes
appositive position
third set
bunescu et
independent core
tagging experiments
features listed
form 1
query texts
generation solutions
create larger
corpus count
susanne corpus
atm computation
slot gapping
values tbr
facilities available
wants p
corpus gave
particular substring
argument conciseness
entity chains
identify topic
boundary context
beam searching
tolerant recognition
focusing approach
parses first
proper branch
previous plan
ms tree
side categories
better recognition
objects one
experimental findings
corpora produced
extraction part
coherent density
means exhaustive
transitions leaving
model n
information gets
russian text
clinical research
ensemble des
focal points
get instantiated
model improved
competitive evaluations
allows human
make word
decisions may
system generation
former head
possible surface
different order
role labelers
possible extraction
search complexity
subcategorisation list
mapping need
let c1
acceptable reading
e cannot
contain pointers
transitive senses
linear fusion
relevant structures
nonterminal leaf
bigram score
canonical semantic
negative scores
briefing may
arbitrary values
somewhat simpler
state contains
results improved
smaller training
token chart
definition consists
sided sequent
deduction approach
mary flowers
new themes
base de
acquilex project
second alternative
far simpler
class ticket
standard nlg
name exists
different interfaces
diane litman
closing time
sql expressions
incorporate three
tables 14
annotated instances
simultaneous actions
information without
text coverage
relative specificity
verbal semantic
20 training
verb j
applies equally
engineering solution
path exists
rectangles represent
string consists
meaningful data
score fk
simulation runs
approaches learn
every non
tools like
local pattern
linguistic mark
delimiting arguments
training length
40m words
pump seized
different modifier
deterministic way
new argument
bigram lr
normal turns
states ql
impermissible hyphen
thesaurus categories
closure properties
default evidence
linguistic performance
sequence abc
asymptotic runtime
significant overlap
rules belonging
chosen positive
recall seems
blind relevance
coreference task
argument features
previous studies
appropriate parsing
size also
like list
identify clauses
define unification
recognition experiment
argument also
november 2000
one manual
r recognizes
carry across
tower clearances
genia terms
index records
overlap measure
relation representing
phonetic values
data folds
involve word
parallel speech
translation accuracy
x believes
modification may
japanese literature
good estimation
evaluation provides
recursive network
differences across
effort focused
planner provides
arrives sometime
pa dag
interannotator variability
unit id
men work
jean aime
signature null
score must
extracts entities
good keyword
metonymical category
creating clusters
two beliefs
respective models
linguistic pre
within nps
relative adjectives
handle open
connectives identified
assigns 0
tm application
exact departure
unnecessary features
incorrect forms
dialogue turns
sentence parser
knowledge unit
spurious templates
assign one
changes depending
excellent job
limited application
three parses
topic distribution
memory variable
using confusion
agent need
audio databases
speech detection
significant control
structures containing
force type
onto stack
50 queries
basic class
language positions
lexical edges
novel discriminative
significant feature
essential ingredients
typological differences
agent takes
capture many
line 4
hellinger similarity
control rule
significant examples
smoothing probability
recall score
constant size
computational tractability
linguistic tests
reasoning problem
current web
parse must
type phrase
8 n
researchers use
actual performance
weighted n
parts corresponding
tre de
implicit event
ongoing process
background work
corner g
sample mean
give indications
celex data
corrective feedback
trailing characters
cdcn algorithm
syllable model
june 1981
pretty girl
label label
constraints limit
insightful suggestions
relations instead
touch pad
eureka corpus
overall detection
functional abstraction
tree tl
representing verb
filling slots
mapping rules
computational process
possible head
moves away
another phenomenon
object modeling
serious problem
edict dictionary
f22 subcorpus
initial cluster
key observations
two traces
transfer equivalences
related corpora
knowledge relevant
class pos
double role
medical assistance
simulated output
base word
wider beam
contain significant
005 level
select 1
one vs
resource data
identify references
low status
hierarchical annotation
composition grammar
ones using
matrix shows
small class
diagnostic procedures
makes simple
tag derived
using post
symbols based
role link
montre que
filler expectations
semantic principle
third study
internal syntactic
level recovery
principled fashion
unit6 lexicale
completed plan
central algorithm
using phrases
expected type
forthcoming paper
unsafe segmentation
lexical material
n refers
scope assignments
overall conclusion
verb segment
table containing
based document
lea 1994
spectral normalization
facilitate learning
structured meanings
best analysis
structures cannot
use functional
sentence extracted
sentences translated
markov decision
paper employs
four cases
tag b
normalization procedure
10 years
global vectors
script contains
directed style
domain dictionary
previous project
employs three
itg models
domain tree
single crf
translators working
propositional network
context considered
article feature
intonational boundaries
also record
di informatica
complex computation
distribution according
rightward movement
utterance boundaries
five rules
interactive document
names obtained
np fragment
various principles
fifty dollars
statistical core
numerical information
deciding dependency
last block
four personality
yields many
interactive session
comments concerning
verbal nouns
primitive optimality
verbal target
feature 2
index files
different methodological
final evaluation
small et
correct parser
2002 corpus
known problem
fbis corpus
television programs
prisoner escaped
phrase inside
learn models
pairs shown
methodological problems
fp rule
breaking sentences
classification process
expanded version
speech parameters
current sense
strict evaluation
bare bones
sense mismatches
walking transducers
computer dictionary
root operation
entire texts
shallow annotation
6th workshop
idioms must
example collection
extra boundary
become empty
minimal automaton
concept network
indexing system
constituency predicate
different evaluations
verbs automatically
dialog success
parser c
poor parser
fakbc j
sometimes cause
hausman 1998
pages 65
markedness hierarchy
nonterminal labels
basic experimental
based experiments
resolution program
slot boundaries
procedural nature
headword list
supervised fashion
word bits
neutral representations
preset threshold
compound stress
input semantic
evaluation strategies
within paragraphs
messages written
mechanisms would
phrasal production
lapata et
small pilot
data visualisation
improvements compared
many functions
denote atomic
frame included
restrictive grammar
partial semspec
tile verbs
participants reported
one sort
wsd module
reliable indication
explanatory combinatorial
price increased
current standard
dependency theories
table cannot
computing centre
scoring word
phrase consisting
duration patterns
semantic literals
pragmatic components
backward features
taiyangshen team
computational viewpoint
european chapter
name resolution
compositional aspects
string matched
sound basis
cohn et
document requires
linguistic meanings
extracting verb
literary analysis
example based
common chinese
italian verb
represent partial
ambiguity needs
moving towards
interactional features
structure denotes
des noms
denominal verbs
modular structure
semantic collocation
match within
annotated coreference
pierrehumbert 2001
based linguistics
arpa order
control paradigm
transitivity features
input labels
verb senses
conceptual input
sentence tends
information schema
reliable results
average rule
translation products
constraining tree
solution based
lowercased word
good level
coreferential link
small experimental
burton 1978
recognition procedures
path starting
ion sysl
identifies interesting
results strongly
extensive manual
constituents bearing
problem caused
three requirements
resolution takes
noisy points
classes without
since semantics
semantic translations
construct c
many n
verb attachment
acceptance phase
constraints ensure
1991 meeting
one string
information recursively
produces several
linguists must
classifier ensembles
previous techniques
3 runs
combines different
local relationships
synsets directly
source identification
specific details
maite oronoz
represent x
input may
flexible analyzer
data becomes
nodes 4
musical instrument
consecutive iterations
single noun
robinson determining
relations link
n c
probable sense
specific permission
transliteration score
mail program
rough outline
reaching effects
base entries
given time
time grammar
bc used
medstract corpus
correct repairs
years since
final value
category label
order constructs
quantization error
abstract groups
limited success
cost involved
language given
treats arcs
respective target
given speech
a24 a7
type might
formed sentence
additional evidence
default order
sequence union
turing discounting
new properties
local context
multiple pronunciations
ney discounting
subcategorization types
words tend
alignment rather
free constituent
work concerns
occurrence values
second satellite
state l
newswire articles
object cleft
architecture used
ratio p
another paper
hearing impaired
linguistic adequacy
e part
background noises
speech test
document context
provide content
cognitive psychology
detecting topic
con rming
five variants
precise treatment
degree 1
crucial semantic
n needs
pradhan et
analysis confirmed
formal comparison
zero elements
cation accuracy
huge size
corpus type
different regions
wilks preference
un moment
section structure
based database
bilingual entry
content matching
second issue
35m words
entities present
hertz foundation
term storage
alignment programs
remains constant
standard beam
inference allows
gray box
operating grant
constituent government
find candidate
high computation
indexing words
oral reading
statistical induction
separate sections
predict correct
johann sebastian
characteristic aspect
surrounding context
argument precedes
sets created
counts based
best baseline
following distance
cascaded atn
derivation histories
interactive database
access data
andrej ljolje
short name
full string
rule r4
serve mainly
verb basis
possible conflicts
judged documents
historical account
overall test
procedure given
conventional n
german corpora
message type
increases rapidly
using tim
parser allows
elements divided
modules add
within document
action planning
relation exists
translation technique
plan requires
features constructed
two null
000 newspaper
morphophonemic processes
also distinguishes
identical content
given segment
similar probabilities
preterminal categories
first head
operation 1
perform relation
sample translations
headline feature
provides answers
related stories
sentences take
previous consonant
level predicate
rather th
model cost
interest groups
error detected
relevant tasks
corpora required
new descriptions
turkish grammar
selection search
general parallel
syntactic characteristics
incoming document
domain customization
sense number
fet environment
pragmatic analysis
prediction rates
nps must
frame slots
independent work
arbitrary decision
use o1
corpus covers
lexical deletions
structural priming
routing profiles
procedure correctly
errors result
adjacent predecessor
intuition alone
point along
assigns every
french pronominal
lexicon based
release 2
input target
meaning system
role labeling
social roles
hobbs algorithm
english prose
questions involves
cluster k
facts within
russian data
defined tasks
finding candidates
predicate name
argument lists
masculine noun
grammars developed
contrasts sharply
word ngram
structure per
physical event
function applications
inflected form
set feature
areas include
current predication
tile selectional
segmented training
editing signal
interesting structures
resumes normal
sag 1985
noun verbindung
plausible strategy
also bear
explicit word
time segment
green end
multimodal input
compute agreement
useful device
hp approach
multiple points
operate top
sets contained
coverage without
language semantics
driving wheel
harley 1200
manual definition
es sur
2 becomes
module editor
shortest derivation
np syntax
sophisticated version
combining features
candidate segment
de faire
particular synset
economic newspaper
primary communicative
phonetic decipherment
hut also
speaker independence
base model
transition types
annotators labeled
following inequation
nl tools
five boats
documents similar
plan context
test subjects
mantiques et
proof technique
entre agents
bio system
evaluation task
relative position
one speaker
phonetic decision
high medium
initial items
words made
based signatures
stack editor
language corresponding
links connecting
alternative plans
dropped words
adverb phrase
acoustic patterns
morphemic label
extract keywords
transition weights
significant decreases
k categories
segment e
probabilistic dop
using source
depth two
grammar compiled
specific values
sri system
bigram case
frequent rules
second view
within linguistics
nop rule
possible resolutions
appropriate modifications
recherche des
incorrect antecedent
event objects
reference l
unordered sequence
locality information
test gives
pages 41
detailed user
phrases matching
particular place
class value
topic document
certain level
whole formula
levinson 1983
formed interpretations
resulting machine
genetic algorithms
reduction procedure
generic information
wordnet project
one developed
resolution finds
ntcir1 tmrec
next word
phrases map
possible drawback
english resources
cannot analyze
first house
likely errors
basic probability
given triple
locus ime
tourist attractions
domain tag
position structure
chinese grammar
ideal output
empirical error
arpa evaluations
compensation vectors
knowledge representahon
elementary semions
000 abstracts
distributed techniques
conjunction levels
real question
data structures
trivial task
like atis
corresponding rst
situation presented
individual name
written words
higher reliability
matched entries
inference paths
person features
structure z
null tures
intermediary level
stepwise manner
timbl software
present architecture
pronouns based
evaluate dialogue
designated output
credit hour
term needs
good illustration
phrase normalization
basic segmentation
using lcs
lookup component
accent h
folk tale
another variable
stack elements
varg showed
word roles
two places
noun could
active goals
term use
trec novelty
much effort
elements inside
promising node
109 speaker
trees whose
word symbol
long name
thus constitutes
called entity
final set
experiments focused
9 e
weighted rewrite
box around
single purpose
discourse model
cluster entropy
shared part
structures encoded
null syntactic
kappa score
sense provided
dashed rectangle
particular knowledge
minimizing error
assumption leads
pp containing
made b
john smiths
hierarchy since
proposition g
probabilistic systems
important parameter
science laboratories
part consists
basic resolution
ne lui
domain vocabulary
semantic clusters
features might
two mentions
comprehensive summary
informal study
tdd texts
override default
pruning operation
plausible hypothesis
scoring model
subcategorisation frames
significantly affects
current forward
parsing structures
solution de
atn parsers
special register
proposed anchors
world domains
search effort
adjective pairs
singular vectors
person involved
verb scf
strategy performs
arbitrary pair
decimal digit
power needed
possible roots
wrong candidate
language mean
1 smoothing
7 subjects
clause bounded
develop expectations
statistical information
pos label
arcade project
elements consisting
assumption could
main challenge
duplicate rules
tags derived
om texts
cwp identifier
kulick et
one obligatory
stemmed terms
collocation dictionaries
active space
situation requires
gradient methods
linguistics courses
multistrategy approach
conceptual tool
whole english
terminology extracted
marry v
interface protocol
4 proceedings
without structure
ii trees
technical sublanguages
combine features
unknown reasons
ambiguity appears
rule learning
possible fills
generalized parsing
largest singular
ordinary word
scores corresponding
nes de
simple structures
computer interfaces
approximate reasoning
collocational status
five elements
considerable interest
mwv candidate
competition set
adjective predicate
four terms
larger text
n paths
nested nes
clear sense
especially information
high flexibility
tagging corpora
xml schema
march 8
sophisticated term
pitch prominence
information research
stylistic shape
measuring term
system application
help identifying
act cue
transparent reference
ancestor terms
meaningful labels
global search
weather data
new architecture
compute average
worked example
target objects
case exists
minimal model
types could
describe two
probabilistic search
use english
cluster 3
economic policy
kanji candidates
chronological ordering
operator must
related speech
alternate ways
initial ast
adapted rules
latter strategy
final system
completion axiom
written responses
time basis
increase ill
2 wall
sentence fragment
representation need
subcategorisation classes
dialogue plans
including w
optimal separating
une formule
anchor may
morphological behavior
internal generation
rigid system
cultural background
regression equation
decomposition unit
processing errors
wallis test
readable dictionary
simulated dialogues
representation takes
filler detection
driven nature
context sentences
phonological phenomena
one variant
certain thresholds
combination approach
50 nouns
chaque mot
restaurant selection
various probabilities
expert terms
one aligner
one mistake
soft display
order problem
move sequence
high sdc
hand tree
node need
quality even
higher learning
detection precision
phrasal categories
complex parser
performative verbs
reserve tank
characteristics like
chunk parse
generalization step
character register
horizontal method
semantic inference
existing interface
proper place
given mention
several phenomena
correct linkages
item w
method remains
contour tones
example word
real human
visualization software
sections discuss
misleading results
generate cooperative
mean scores
attempt would
rated predictions
often pleases
clustering scheme
passive participle
begin work
plausible goal
constituent could
instead look
plu models
individual supertags
linguistic reality
command format
analyzer developed
social activities
phrase lattice
whose span
cooperative process
a154a9a4a107a138 a190
description relation
informational level
negative sets
analyzer juman
different bilingual
constraints describing
boundary information
neighboring dependency
occurrence score
r points
usual methods
noise filtering
insertion grammar
typical values
content selected
every run
component uses
indirect link
col responding
name markers
screening zone
subcategorisation frame
use neither
overlapping phrases
current utterance
base question
token annotations
descriptors must
definite clauses
set intersection
field length
answer instance
null straint
good translation
like classes
classical model
erroneous output
text paragraph
input proposition
subj exist
logical system
large errors
20k sentences
every school
language defined
valid sentence
nonmonotonic reasoning
binary discourse
build verbs
logical metonymies
25 hours
dimensional objects
formal reconstruction
one mode
class set
marcu 1999
although domain
juxtaposition de
original entry
conceptual rules
absolute times
cut part
second design
shift operation
lexicalisation strategies
starting location
matching step
development processes
serve breakfast
ambiguities arise
give state
rule 5
generates rules
equal voting
productions generate
hundred iterations
full acoustic
collins uses
minor grammatical
precision information
characters whose
carefully hand
tile input
hook corpora
final consonants
engineered rules
issues associated
maximum level
stack decoding
summarizes previous
two views
tie may
high branching
iv 701
attribute structure
learning rule
france presse
g model
current extraction
metrical structure
core corpus
table listing
calculated mean
type based
interpretation graph
take control
data encountered
single module
explicit model
let ci
across data
l de
account additional
grammar type
ce probleme
et se
essential parts
entity information
view toward
detecting anomalies
average proportion
standard keyboard
points involved
perform semantic
operation performed
another statement
fum et
compound verb
extract particular
features characteristic
entities already
pronouns referring
word 0
develop arguments
points across
several methods
contain temporal
cy l
procedure defined
dynamic interpretation
e form
much syntactic
coreference features
shows f
classifiers built
list encoding
extended derivation
constraint transducer
grammar since
annotation symbols
complete dss
estimation may
final words
solid food
token appears
complete degradation
earlier system
functions determine
corpus according
turning point
world problems
called multi
containing part
red herrings
sentences result
syntactic configuration
topic signatures
whereas information
similar articles
katakana symbols
experimental technique
leaf category
content structure
embedded phrase
obtained performance
server model
complete constituent
fact much
significant patterns
next example
paper seeks
phase n
produce valid
many facets
telegraph codes
gram match
additional annotations
theoretic coreference
official umass
existential variables
two male
available pieces
des attributs
cannot generally
like decision
1b training
expression built
clark et
4 months
request system
object types
text entry
mechanism ensures
main intention
five columns
pronominal adverbs
three things
manual summarization
class system
certain preposition
stoyanov et
define c
source lexicon
next model
antecedentfound message
doc server
domain observations
np levels
set performs
two groups
chinese dictionaries
rm test
different attachments
gained popularity
current theory
seem helpful
feature label
lr techniques
event el
sentence words
labeled constituent
corresponding precision
ground arrangements
buch zu
using srilm
planning capabilities
language computer
generalization process
lexicon word
voyager domain
santo domingo
wrong ones
human correction
computing tile
poor system
phrases selected
name using
distance score
raw output
solve three
speaker continues
medical professional
tree generates
significant portion
similar grammar
decomposition granularity
using estimates
improving robustness
surface complexity
mobile phone
cannot assume
textual perspective
representation like
basic generation
corpora requires
arbitrary ordering
combining parsers
partial instantiation
design algorithms
symbol sequence
reader may
global weight
new phrasal
retrieval facilities
classifiers whereas
new joint
montague semantics
relationships directly
incremental benefit
probability estimated
mu systems
simple present
sequence set
half hours
errors resulted
talk system
correlates highly
recovering non
phrases even
euclidean distances
task within
wn similarity
pages 33
pcfg induction
bilingual equivalence
term appears
64 cases
column ema0
extracted strings
carbonell 1981
relevant sentence
wide context
german speech
based probabilities
unknown text
patterns used
th constituent
deterministic dependency
bad effect
findings indicate
first assumes
training epoch
current purposes
synonym tokens
grammatical markers
simple bootstrapping
liu 1992
tool consists
alignment error
specific decision
phrase instead
mm dialogues
gradable predicates
valid interpretations
different algorithm
greeting max
potential pitfalls
partner may
attitude reports
useful systems
similar time
category include
networks specify
tile np
generated word
unparsed sentences
underlying case
goldsmith 2001
lexicalized ones
focus management
current head
latter goal
smith benjamin
projection paths
linguistic tools
structure produced
1 sample
entropy estimates
alternative actions
reciprocal ranks
performance along
error localization
ffir forschung
defined sentence
outperform models
reference file
processing dif
person sg
semantic symbols
learned data
pure set
theoretical questions
paths p
null nals
taxonomic reasoning
infer whether
per symbol
precise meaning
compare sentences
mixed case
lf ontology
basic formulation
hand tagged
combination uses
observed frequency
constituent control
certain translation
end marker
wml translations
segment durations
corresponding subject
detect sentence
information databases
shows thai
cannot expect
missing agent
response 1
learning paradigm
phonetic segments
share identical
output also
word show
one number
automaton accepts
baseline data
lexical inheritance
son relation
theref ore
3 bits
np sequences
multisentential text
provides motivation
bei jing
rule often
ponte language
point dispersal
mean absolute
manual transcript
context vector
certain maximum
word breaking
intonational meaning
companies like
invalid path
utterance meaning
cutting edge
interactive multimedia
specification associated
realistic situations
enable end
agreement coefficient
gap penalty
method discussed
later system
classified advertisements
predictive criteria
frontier f
like today
evaluations based
modeling experiments
tag groups
heuristic approximation
express particular
effectively combine
constraints 3
every sub
local interactions
complex value
current ai
resources need
turn unit
desired size
agent class
system determined
plausible parse
count occurrences
contract onr
good service
resulting matrix
two conclusions
method p
database items
writer may
gui component
defining sentences
1 topic
boundary position
young boy
filtering operations
1988 james
relevant keywords
matches another
syntactic realisation
structured classification
techniques often
prosodic markers
good list
infomagnets interface
parsing tasks
ways depending
user population
1 parse
auxiliary structure
verb transfer
source would
capabilities required
first tape
overload problem
table pruning
null specific
strategy chosen
computer tutor
crl qa
since clusters
value scores
wag sentence
another procedure
nominal cases
find answers
sounding output
personal interest
country score
un syntagme
kernel support
social sciences
abbreviation lexicon
uses text
features based
applies also
set defines
de parler
always picks
wordmatch function
someone knows
domain parsing
story line
function generator
additional iterations
research focuses
description relative
sentences individually
input name
3 application
using vector
lesk algorithm
complete information
conceptual net
g2 systems
different evaluators
reason sentences
others use
initiative may
top pushdown
potential collocations
several topics
gives correct
sufficient amount
theory whose
shieber 1986a
incremental sentence
simple tasks
contrastive experiments
yacht club
fisher et
systemic network
one perspective
unambiguously define
available domain
bridging inference
paraphrase example
provide evidence
convergent arcs
trivial problem
remain significant
psychological point
problematic constructs
individual variation
appropriate action
electronic lexical
sentence percentage
due course
temporal referent
checks made
system guides
semantic effects
sensitive spelling
using csm
dimensional contingency
recommendation performance
open class
animation generator
resulting semantics
suggested tag
accepts sentences
datasets used
three versions
location within
argument presented
type de
frequent users
parser contains
lower recognition
detailed classification
selection results
tile need
kenneth church
original space
results led
minimal human
typical object
epocare project
parallel processes
pattern base
applies across
consider figure
zero probability
finding names
answer exchanges
available candidate
voting technique
local information
contrastive linguistics
linguistic classification
creates one
different languages
words al
restricted knowledge
larger data
adjunction involving
various articles
l entries
serious implications
dynamical systems
range heuristics
using ccg
continuous sequence
less th
methods may
specific pair
4 consists
thematic shifts
mccord 1982
relation one
next question
document information
ambiguity level
incremental learning
intended result
potential benefit
component creates
dialogue actions
precise nature
4 recall
correct responses
similar senses
two raters
6 tree
behaves exactly
external context
electronic mail
system adopted
modeling used
university scholarships
models include
later words
two threshold
problem uses
significant aspects
enhance recall
actual contents
cluster c
au cours
english text
processing decisions
user input
clearly involves
learning non
probability densities
unambiguous representation
graphical interface
affiliation relation
since inference
di cult
get align
darts la
inferential load
head automata
text phenomena
precise order
proposition consists
enough results
particular label
within corpora
procedural attachments
deployed system
real vector
distributions derived
80 talker
automatic classification
offer computational
information gathered
authors also
different interpretation
domain world
automatic letters
output produced
matches exactly
rare occurrence
entity x
transcriptions produced
based bigram
surface elements
probable antecedent
various grammar
three trigrams
dummy nodes
manner without
preceding expression
qlf formula
bilingual lexicons
modeling principles
set indicates
n contains
first step
experimental items
actual classification
query vector
15 points
la lecture
score component
introduce three
tree induced
translation since
high value
concept combination
ordering criterion
naive pcfg
lenci et
argument chains
proceed using
bc seen
classified test
w occurring
tagging accuracies
many millions
description may
english sentencesome
b could
error point
five teams
along tile
entities known
high confident
un n
item covering
1 references
agreement figure
data indicating
join algorithm
parent companies
ne id
chance performance
allows parallel
mechanism automatically
correct percentage
2 mb
learning base
write w
side literals
use e
textual saliency
stress rules
better systems
interactional goals
edges built
lexicon model
traditional lexicographic
using intex
composite entities
technology developed
several lexicons
opinion information
systems behave
resources like
level according
information formula
make cross
normalisation constant
data supporting
des fonctions
verb cannot
priori probability
associative lambek
annotation accuracy
exist two
mutual gaze
deleted material
accurate discrimination
following restriction
true language
learning stages
june 20
type texts
fourth method
initial attempt
sphinx ii
help reduce
syntactic objects
hanging topic
possible distance
sentences results
parsing efficiency
synonym relations
v corresponds
match threshold
cutoff methods
parse sentences
assign meanings
machine advice
visual workspace
vpe occurrences
account presented
structure imposed
grammatical continuations
beginning time
considerable disagreement
different function
multimodal conversation
trees bear
second part
sigles et
bootstrapping scheme
also constrain
tim paper
studied techniques
con ating
see woods
separate prosodic
possibilities available
important task
impersonal passives
metaplan model
repetition ratio
100 document
complex set
four modules
alignments would
obtenir un
la puerta
flight ids
contained sentences
feature front
tile rules
formal type
context4ree grammar
based reordering
dedicated wsd
missing constituents
size context
application database
negative training
information loss
extraction approach
government organizations
argument context
combination must
k matrix
captures information
les grammaires
nodes denote
generic vs
contributes significantly
evaluation also
nonmonotonic extensions
helpfulness function
planner also
extraction site
yi e
improve recall
frequent class
coverage unification
unix file
generation pattern
shallow generation
text paraphrasing
fertility probabilities
suitable corpora
produce good
wrong answers
level match
shift register
underspecification theory
generated model
appropriate formalism
classification threshold
sound emission
without verbs
relation using
corrected data
initial reference
relational abstraction
representation elements
universal principle
syntagmatic expressions
word transcripts
syntactic idiosyncrasies
initial discord
functional application
textual knowledge
abbreviatory notation
better search
adequacy conditions
set chosen
la variable
sean boisen
potential sentence
christian science
one marker
grammars 2
coordinated verbs
form k
inflectional language
seed relation
analysis failure
outcome may
features referring
prime candidates
positive predictive
present limited
entailment assertions
check procedure
two verbs
wayne gretzky
verb write
passonneau 1993
5 explores
technical convenience
general articles
relevance ranking
token level
closely matches
deep dependency
owl full
ppa problem
linguistics researchers
several suffixes
example question
traditional formulation
low reliability
explicitly use
planning dialogues
system breaking
technical manual
greek origin
length within
pr systems
exclusion matrix
overall picture
terminology words
several spoken
handling process
evaluation across
passages extracted
helpful insights
xml databases
word correspondence
studies discussed
ii corpus
tiny fraction
problems occur
candidate transfer
like segments
role changes
reading comprehension
several benefits
two sons
ana npform
definite article
vital part
generator input
worth stressing
domain bilingual
global results
perfect accuracy
political issue
underlying properties
randomization tests
property type
untagged sentences
frame network
event types
hidden left
simple collocations
features de
abstract format
complex system
using measures
distinguished symbol
translation efforts
discussion points
semantic accuracy
8 reports
abstracts used
tile referent
monosyllabic morphemes
six test
processor might
segmentation process
interior node
parses assigned
arithmetic mean
personal experiences
desirable solution
valued vector
exclude one
intelligent language
feet high
papers cited
translation fidelity
motivations underlying
comparable news
observed instances
average run
lexical lookups
level memory
lower rating
output lists
independence judgment
state v
mikrokosmos project
90th percentile
syntactic similarity
une premiere
general grammar
simpler expression
book put
hirschberg 1992
lmh concepts
sentence operator
available ones
phrase grouping
easier access
thorough investigation
providing definitions
clause 4
parametric estimation
produce systems
par la
bych se
cat feature
relations encoded
figure 1c
base scheme
completeness problem
higher end
a7 a14
two measurements
function scores
complete partial
approximated probability
plupart des
argumentative intent
handle embedded
top symbol
unknown data
illocutionary effect
good values
structure required
research activity
additional bilingual
million people
de paris
analysis process
muri grant
potential temporal
case markers
second axiom
intended usage
logical operator
economic issues
atis data
software development
compactness constraint
credulous default
dominance edge
name conflate
syllable onset
possible ne
two lexicographers
preference heuristics
main points
entropy measures
describes syntactic
existing mt
document position
uttering x
result either
detection rate
augmented training
sentence either
never co
term level
ne tagging
specific differences
ti 2
likes beans
include sentence
word delimiter
linear version
anaphoric expression
reasoning methods
primary test
processing well
markov field
linguistic notation
dividing sentences
user program
following protocol
rigid sequences
specific segments
ith cluster
deviation penalty
whole sets
providing background
various senses
known phenomena
shell scripts
rare words
syntax tree
original topics
meaningful name
single default
speaker data
using paragraphs
case weaker
generic string
denumerable set
whose structure
target attribute
motor system
merging approach
th position
particular adjective
stemmed word
spelling changes
argumentative categories
obvious benefit
silicon graphics
pragmatic force
distributed representation
approach represents
factual questions
arbitrary linguistic
html text
new distinctions
project presented
retroactive packing
standard grammar
information readily
a45 a41
measurement error
desired property
complement specification
shows higher
multimodal annotation
discuss experiments
overall result
law distributions
ther e
base chunkers
expertise levels
use sets
optimal choice
ibm germany
four word
75 sentences
status attribute
decomp relation
sort described
independent speaker
saw anybody
system tracks
sentence sequences
central components
labeled x
based speech
elaboration nodes
user need
one knowledge
linking requirements
words since
free string
three encodings
best classifier
monroe corpus
utterances often
potential interpretations
heuristic combination
collaborative bootstrapping
algorithm returns
surface attributes
sitg channel
argumentative answers
resolution steps
user takes
one desires
degenerative joint
organizational strategies
indicate positions
tagging guidelines
direct estimate
best understood
information refers
duration module
decision levels
indexing feature
acronym generation
total divergence
cause overfitting
interactive speech
early ne
english utterances
answer ranking
symbol denotes
building procedures
score vector
number n66001
usually nouns
section proposes
select k
temporal annotation
definition 4
itg hypothesis
document x
wysiwym editing
complex words
dictionary structure
ibm alignment
target types
normalized information
functions discussed
dependent hmm
various authors
repeated words
conversion processes
generation requires
scoring scheme
parasitic gap
nominal terms
intermediate memory
suivant les
grammar testing
large read
annotated documents
evaluative arguments
rcc interpretation
bilingual examples
character conversion
project gr
meteor score
uses typed
mor form
state algorithms
text topics
projection level
older ones
predicate indicating
direct hit
trainable components
john fell
uses data
solid basis
tense combination
known methods
weaker independence
precision vs
preliminary report
textual clues
considered correct
lexical databases
candidate cannot
prototype vectors
form 3
stw experiments
positive values
trip ticket
sondheimer meta
conceptual class
functional anaphora
dvzeroski et
assign 1
ie results
lancaster treebank
logical approaches
best left
parsing sentence
sortal hierarchy
semantic predicates
default interpretation
major tasks
better weight
learning material
value e
candidate abbreviation
understandable way
saying things
state node
confusion among
search window
noun formation
prepended phrases
illico system
coarser sense
generated question
ended questions
verb candidate
entire distribution
grammar wrtter
grammatical channel
dana hates
slash category
pi e
analysis times
case using
cd representation
avoid requiring
several feature
9 l
big corpora
several examples
sms messages
bracketed sentence
computer terminal
full knowledge
collocations automatically
training speed
560 sentences
structure co
world fact
error type
glsa document
noun patterns
differences could
dynamic grammars
exact representation
derivation given
statistical modelling
network configuration
main advantage
probable cause
tools provide
annotation technique
le moment
greatest problem
semantic comparison
coordinate phrases
j given
similar issue
per genone
rules pertaining
baseline semantic
ranked candidate
possess similar
processing problem
type model
cass chunker
complex syntax
use prediction
simple sentence
describe constructions
children whose
relations require
object implies
second consequence
0001 level
deg b
uniquely refers
whether words
computer algorithm
advice texts
new stems
powerful means
sports teams
individual instance
id feature
user clicks
models built
performing plan
summac evaluation
achieve performance
involves mapping
phonemes de
classifier determines
sorace 1996
mental event
tdl term
rule parameters
several adjectives
authority file
likelihood based
e vars
granger 1977
distinct entities
filters used
sociology corpus
pruning errors
mile island
reference seems
explain algorithm
recent corpus
ce mois
whose rows
without vowels
single judge
certain values
semantic differential
image caption
weak rules
potential answer
linguistic plausibility
sound changes
polarity information
material consists
tokenization phase
general senses
every unification
corpora available
par contre
structured content
seed models
error rates
binary attributes
directed parsing
seeking dialogues
main conference
union 6th
whose frontier
stock quotes
last relation
evidence would
plausible way
extracted set
among dialogue
binary class
nonrelevant documents
recent approach
probabilistic independence
representation ph
ontology evaluation
270 stimuli
1600 abstracts
path equivalences
solutions proposed
described ill
small application
rule guarantees
counting method
objects named
berkeley unix
japanese kanji
schema corresponding
like lexicon
recent state
typical case
instantiated knowledge
scale shows
subject relation
ordered system
con rmed
concession relation
thank beth
generate random
test story
directory line
construct translation
entities recognition
structure pattern
recognized text
u w
expression parser
la guardia
nasal consonant
uses found
formulate constraints
practical difficulties
2 method
abbreviation rule
constraint based
null existing
models generalize
extra argument
answers found
e state
speaker attitudes
gainen base
ongoing events
programming method
level operations
right context
hence c
pass6 compose
parser reaches
parse recovery
transcription rules
different dialog
virtual concept
presented information
one template
poor approaches
underlying architecture
sentence il
n translation
history h
a27a28a24a30a29 a0
human dialogue
interpretation systems
appropriate indexing
concrete results
demonstrator system
involving plan
unannotated examples
syntactic break
work shows
statistical behaviour
reference algorithms
editing knowledge
gapping rccs
white blood
waterloo multitext
ordinary lexical
question asked
base element
information inferred
utterance hypotheses
robin floating
yomiuri shimbun
real document
driven algorithm
control applications
expanded sentences
incremental recognition
conventional way
equipment stepper
seed selection
algorithms applied
redundant morphological
verb taxonomy
unique cb
deduction component
adjunction nodes
existing domain
although machine
syntactic discrepancies
special focus
standard senses
edge labeled
area denoted
lc arc
whereas bleu
bill 1711
five runs
semantic cluster
plausible inferences
words data
upward trend
noms compos6s
detailed content
zipfian distribution
vertical line
grams co
spatial focus
novel situations
machine dialogs
user finds
denote activities
general dictionaries
deux cas
four event
query document
dimensional lattice
important things
complete representations
longer spans
second subdialogue
outgoing edge
degree k
context used
marking scheme
multilingual computational
ultimate test
second form
price range
unsupervised algorithms
equivalence algorithm
3 show
achieve certain
four bakeoff
important questions
linguistic content
wsj srl
heuristic scores
coverage loss
characteristic tuples
boosting technique
derivation corresponding
da xue
subjects said
acoustic module
lambert et
disjunctive relations
infinite loops
sensitive parsing
hmm based
new subject
current step
retrieval communities
providing support
gesture recognizer
also concerns
successful computational
20 occurrences
station name
model shows
computational bottleneck
training period
nominal anaphor
coentry counts
grammar designer
phoneme tokens
small decrease
example discussed
vast improvements
character offset
independent mode
nocb transitions
answer choice
systemic functional
falling pitch
behaviors include
parse bulletin
lch habe
fair degree
another strategy
chaining process
batch rule
possible transcriptions
major efficiency
results shows
multiple pp
indexed material
manual task
head categories
german modal
text could
oriented evaluations
space would
matrix b
adjacent units
1 summarizes
corresponding paraphrases
role categories
build rules
spelling form
identifying cognates
specialized subject
currently assumes
identifying cognate
transitive form
framework makes
e th
outside character
computer languages
applying lsa
entities via
presentation module
another belief
domain corresponds
mark whether
involving variables
emile zola
whose extension
swedish text
automatic content
classes define
surface syntactic
left dependent
verb belong
parametric assumptions
engine system
say yes
sentence including
discourse element
abstract rules
heading names
see asher
expressions may
ion 4
conditional odds
describe events
standard dictionaries
given candidate
consistent parse
accurate characterization
f 4
state correspondences
garden pathing
book contains
dependency graph
obvious interpretations
appropriate degree
space suit
eight scores
perceptual groups
bllip data
additional languages
difficult data
variables start
score measures
5 r
found following
actual content
sophisticated human
analyzer cabocha
ranked listing
improving results
produces word
future tags
weight bipartite
variable values
contingent features
adjectives modify
search box
generic links
level increment
equivalent rules
rates observed
pronominal ng
concerned source
english queries
processing power
10 msec
neither case
start another
representative examples
stronger assumption
house testing
approach incorporates
offset probabilities
since accuracy
sentence appear
productions p
reasonable fashion
approach described
concrete resources
generated character
incorporate phrasal
headed structures
simple active
flanagan array
algorithm like
trains world
full statistical
selects words
ipl procedure
typed variables
new vertex
unit region
inferential heuristics
direct user
dependency parameters
argument constituent
best estimate
grammatical flmctions
inherent subjectivity
en plusieurs
discourse prominence
loves x
slocum 1985
ordering principle
relations form
macleod et
speech results
exception rules
concept specifications
group leader
arbitrary rule
move across
three charts
depth axis
distinct pattern
open runs
facilities provided
functional activities
comme les
words found
path estimate
parsing relies
answers generated
description relates
reading distinction
c tags
features model
reference transcription
orthographic systems
dictionary extension
appropriate components
two input
evens et
useful resources
measures cannot
measures produce
morphology induction
ranked ones
type question
upper nodes
phrasal prepositions
expert model
sue cried
cumulative evidence
spatial layout
null constraints
semantics directed
unification allows
tools using
correspondence would
longer reduction
transducer equivalent
synthetic vision
post processor
corresponding error
optional templates
bunsetsu depends
related pieces
latter way
alternative method
affect ease
determining word
experiment types
propositions 1
lower verb
overall results
average precisions
local vs
local arrangements
mid 1980s
individual engines
literal reading
term translation
equal proportion
one operation
remain active
model presupposes
representing nodes
different cps
analogical strings
three entities
8 shows
concept represents
digram language
find corresponding
frequency ranking
progressive tenses
leusch et
features similar
4 annotators
relation classifier
sis curiosus
answering track
dominating clause
parse pairs
french entry
output pattern
real database
layer 1
structure requires
morphologic analysis
major benefit
shieber et
topic segment
permit direct
element type
short news
data often
pustejovsky 1995
similar cooccurrence
class discovery
fixed expressions
logic forms
de donn
precedence disjunction
achieving communicative
engineering foundation
column 4
pairs account
alternative learning
function e
unit selection
playing cards
based interface
compact automata
hpsg lexicon
bit less
deterministic processing
coreferent cases
comprehensive discussion
size available
like company
state 7
24 documents
nouns like
simple answer
documents di
nonnative subjects
multiple gestures
current size
side symbols
closer comparison
fragment shows
inanimate entities
express general
incorporating knowledge
original examples
itg parse
class including
du plan
additional function
rules come
algorithm variants
binomial model
external information
order phenomena
query used
following definitions
different grammars
binary syntactic
000 word
uses less
derived probabilities
initiative functions
referential communication
multiple strings
intermediate expressions
represent 2
mark gawron
mit den
blog posts
form theorem
effective information
prototype systems
statistical literature
tactical input
classes c
news reader
recognition passes
lexicographic information
number used
sentences become
encode whether
approaches produce
general agreement
air activities
answer detection
atomic constructions
eliminate word
coverage refers
distance wh
kernel calculation
relevant parameters
brand new
certain classes
language engineering
binary svm
vossen et
arc pair
red pieces
scientific analogies
new companies
g1 u
content optimization
text retrieval
whole training
rate achieved
designated start
new layer
help parse
nal score
need explicit
using dp
joint count
ted pedersen
symbol top
narrate events
constrained grammar
literal phrase
integrated feasibility
positive decision
treasury bonds
lester 1998
human activities
presentation specification
close scores
level implementation
broder et
coreference chains
tree family
solicitation form
word roots
unordered lists
mot est
intuitions concerning
varying levels
discrete values
agent adopts
module using
human informants
ambiguities based
previous investigations
class hierarchies
entire document
patterns contain
unit may
relation course
patterns occur
un principe
certain object
sentence feature
token boundary
operation 3
indirect ones
structures corresponding
use training
phrase matches
create ambiguity
database generated
hamburg metaphor
without reliance
three co
normal method
recognition tasks
california sales
stack using
rationale behind
phrasal translations
r st
special problem
test new
test reports
many wordnet
appropriate analysis
surface contact
main insight
votes wins
examples covered
two np
extensive discussion
recursive sets
certain score
two online
available machine
l ti
art word
boundary links
words generated
digital camera
certain frame
order methods
xl system
cluster contains
represent knowledge
another goal
technical jargons
either parent
paradigmatic type
protocol described
possible tag
little bit
permettre de
type human
collocational restrictions
administrative information
every formula
fast processing
bias towards
intelligent selection
coding schema
constant speed
samples selected
time changes
important features
data needed
subject selection
span language
conditional context
application scenarios
square brackets
accurate predictor
lowest rank
question topic
reliability studies
korhonen et
state engine
code field
rel attribute
argument information
side effects
many arguments
string error
individual news
slm model
cyk parsing
qa researchers
smoothing distributions
domain phase
entity annotated
product may
automated document
following format
individual classifiers
mit strom
rule vectors
spanning parses
cluster level
null vp
base beam
anonymous node
tre r
given ones
typical properties
token list
german mt
terminological language
extended tagging
semantic items
current distance
backtracking strategy
pred attribute
attorney general
nodes represents
bigram mutual
model generating
des preuves
general issue
three weeks
broadcast transcripts
next element
processor must
speaker labels
lexical organisation
descriptive adjective
verb form
significant attention
various dialects
editing operation
translation operations
evidence rule
class problems
decision problems
database merging
syntactic types
corresponding category
related domain
place 2
final transducer
des diverses
1 sense
dialogue exchanges
k clusters
test methodology
one expresses
selecting samples
morphology information
exhibits good
indexical expressions
common occurrence
database stores
disambiguation system
isolation may
latter constraint
testing process
considerable importance
complex sequences
separate instance
sequential data
type recognizer
repeated sequences
km tasks
part 4
correlations found
words less
en este
difference observed
retrieve sentences
binary segmentation
input instance
chinese part
trained classifiers
position variable
functional realization
topic basis
conventional relevance
part du
destructive operations
veteran systems
human expert
gift certificate
word w2
take precedence
generating strings
contextual level
appropriate starting
czech pdt
probabilistic text
gure 1
selection metrics
word belonging
person could
articles based
theory explains
record confidence
students would
subject may
correct feature
point b
uses semantic
create rules
correct examples
structures uses
redundant since
construction given
constant support
person pronoun
three learners
relation tests
discourse adverbial
sections 20
french original
semantic predicate
key components
task studied
error chaining
errors whose
using mrd
hierarchical dialogue
material included
7 reports
without need
describes preliminary
null ation
item references
higher clause
sequential combinations
dictionaries constructed
deterministic process
graphical domain
complex approaches
participants often
atomic events
acceptable sentences
probability formula
predicate associated
english models
delin et
50k words
model detects
spanish entry
english relative
term list
hatzivassiloglou translating
representing text
2005 evaluation
eisner algorithm
appropriate ontology
conversation involving
cover multiple
distinct context
words correlated
following objective
monadic cftg
bracketing result
implicit similarity
following modifications
similar neighbors
phrase disambiguation
top surface
summary scores
accession number
idiomatic construction
incremental theme
powerful representation
cognitive constraints
edr bracketed
complement construction
software resources
des objets
system adaptation
strong feature
sex male
argumentation strategies
model dependency
object role
without ambiguity
stay within
stratified cross
case roles
formal operations
member set
produces similar
high levels
verb categories
sms texts
mechanism operates
last moment
ranked entity
shown thai
analysis thus
loop statements
approach considering
coordinate sentences
entire database
anaphor type
concept sets
component sentences
remark 2
les pr
verb trees
typical elephant
4 years
without discourse
unknown nouns
measure achieved
unknown linear
parts together
supervised classifiers
continuous features
account information
style alignment
arbitrary non
nps refer
robust rules
ims corpus
de liste
reference case
unaligned zero
card et
output context
noun immediately
simple recognition
individual concept
new network
values come
character bigrams
mean l
parallel nlp
red chair
general view
two mapping
realization decisions
path 1
existing sentence
uses first
national languages
multiple repairs
bruce et
8000 sentences
corpus becomes
9 hours
word triplets
mdl criterion
step makes
data via
answer test
appropriate baseline
english gloss
procedural grammars
cannot end
chart edge
method ensures
limited size
accurate predictions
operator produces
encoding pair
discourse move
processes cannot
workshop reviewers
temporal segmentation
typically produces
last target
expansion algorithm
english semantic
correction times
score used
learning schema
means using
story generation
coders could
feature computation
sundial project
prepausal lengthening
consensus labeling
connectionist models
thinking machines
proposed algorithms
covering grammar
since children
null sense
handle co
unsupervised case
style summary
est malade
perceptual verbs
slots found
retrieved text
000 example
modeling speech
bears similarity
tagging processes
practical limits
computational tool
boolean system
old classifier
graduate level
ranked answers
swedish data
concepts covered
g r
morpheme sequence
ongoing discourse
work shares
integrated spoken
structural locality
using em
temporal resolution
two predictions
le syntagme
implicit contexts
interaction domain
advanced top
standard labeling
bikel 1997
obvious counterpart
like rule
medical records
towards producing
advanced features
future action
point within
structures defined
either np
1 frequency
prolog systems
correctly output
event representation
canonical way
new expression
contextual assumptions
difficulties may
known examples
act together
following tags
alvey tools
assumes different
consists essentially
model instances
information ow
postpositional particle
monologue sentences
ensure correct
governing probabilities
standard view
partial speech
maximum score
much success
phonological patterns
domain dialog
biomedical vocabularies
oriented level
translation equivalent
alpino treebank
backpropagation learning
label value
edges represent
voice processing
error margin
bit linear
create variants
formal expressions
particular morpheme
another topic
extracting text
corresponding number
model checking
different decision
tipster environment
english may
fractional counts
find translations
useful clue
linear model
relevant verb
syntax parsing
surface generation
iv recall
model long
naive heuristic
tableau calculus
row marginals
terrorist attacks
several patterns
observations concerning
head chunk
rm1 speakers
step might
another parse
practice law
autonomy status
simple expansion
normalization constraint
tension sites
given form
nearest neighbour
adjunct relations
application grammar
analysis illustrated
subjunct deg
smoothing purposes
iff str
uses linear
probability scores
based compilation
language technique
empty documents
a1 instr
type ti
words consist
rules obtained
automaton consists
points could
computer dialog
compatible values
discusses work
experimental testing
items whose
morphological component
literary criticism
two rules
fight answer
actually work
superior results
nominal word
sub modules
three mile
classification tool
pp corpus
argument position
semantic taggers
engineering point
authority score
high productivity
web corpus
tag mapping
errors affect
additional details
alignment f
given infinite
180 words
kathleen mckeown
remote system
grammar assigns
type 4b
system fills
green block
recurrent patterns
conceptual generation
active repair
common words
annotation type
specific rule
essential character
contains cycles
marked training
contextual transformations
results confirmed
center string
art model
using corpora
four operators
fully describes
every observation
hash coding
constituent immediately
around words
levels include
combined methods
used relations
selected dialogues
inform discourse
corporate research
appositive construction
limited distance
active participant
first restriction
substitution examples
transformation types
readers use
index pairs
precise interpretation
inverted index
valency framework
generate structures
cultural heritage
occur far
basic ways
computational rules
construct three
new ideas
transformation techniques
shift focus
fourth test
la mort
involves representing
given entity
root features
learning applications
reduce memory
introduces three
three relationships
cation operations
term aggregation
robust risk
let tl
words first
one register
tag predictions
prosodic integration
multiple value
symbolic learner
possible canonical
include expanding
indirect answers
baseline name
ordered sequences
parses associated
problematic words
ambiguity kernel
compact form
linked page
fact thai
model maps
succession template
categories encode
feature formalisms
make correct
security loopholes
structuring text
goldberg 1995
parallel machine
scope adverbial
attributive descriptions
likelihood model
original output
english passages
symbols r
human transcripts
unlabeled dependencies
given categories
bill gates
verbs onto
good argument
cotrain algorithm
11 minutes
zero anaphora
based transfer
valid sf
repair utterances
network automatically
consistent way
foreign words
document links
experiments confirmed
derived grammar
three context
english target
used clustering
datr lexicon
le n
consecutive pair
member words
pos pos
argument x
normalized string
target representation
ambiguous variants
help families
exclude certain
junior college
filtered candidate
dt growing
form appears
abstracts contain
vector assigned
elaboration relation
degree c
prerequisite information
dative pps
r means
audio file
techniques take
extended response
john ate
word boundaries
btec corpus
performance still
slot corresponds
step approach
architecture committee
maximum fitness
user effort
v np1
corpus structures
100 articles
right information
clear idea
formula indicates
identification constraints
aspectual relation
predefined taxonomy
candidate entity
applied science
reparandum interval
every c
process significantly
descent method
letters spoken
k symbols
candidate compression
exact identity
particular piece
network consisting
constraint model
clause combination
individual arguments
right token
associative processors
cardinality specifications
tag rules
control measure
examples according
classification rules
parser accepts
improved segmentation
b a1
give explanations
exhibit different
complex facts
chinese basenp
garden party
embodied construction
message structures
achieved f1
useful text
longer time
reference zone
essay answers
sense sen
null transitions
spd without
candidate categories
semantic type
neighborhood features
alternatives provided
infinite uncertainty
verbal concept
rhetorical parser
new alignment
expressing doubt
share features
two subsegments
procedure converts
su ciently
gathered statistics
literate patients
feature graphs
scene graph
beautiful cherry
attachment positions
phrases need
almost correct
hollow tubes
skeptical default
red ones
compute pairwise
two variants
give students
john hates
der kind
text output
computerized translation
memory constraints
text images
significantly outperforms
stylistic goal
automated customer
conjoined phrase
agreement level
aggregation rule
specified relation
grants council
thus shows
thirty thousand
allows authors
task definitions
tagger may
many templates
global language
better visualize
next move
form a23
aux conditions
experiments conducted
baseline functions
three modes
bilingual concepts
structure induction
ranking among
good correlations
ranking order
appendix e
first saw
assigning meanings
state descriptions
multimodal generation
test shows
core component
acoustic characteristics
dialog length
reliable procedure
practical dialogue
rules r1
dimensional representation
value l
candidate answers
helps distinguish
scores seem
wrapper induction
discourse spans
name alone
subsequent pass
requires space
get filled
second corpus
alternative choice
speaker si
mail box
certain case
based processes
concept person
predicative reading
specific paradigm
domain grammars
false error
anaphoric drs
sophisticated measures
annotation efforts
wrong translations
6000 sentence
two ranks
appelt 1983
japanese conversion
leslie et
issue whether
hub test
label set
parse stack
standard design
another story
combines one
length measurements
classifier assignment
story using
containing prepositions
cyk algorithm
two shortcomings
possible parsing
hahn functional
scope assignment
several concepts
new collegiate
vector dot
second approach
candidates whose
longer segment
mouse input
graph description
separate classifiers
term lookup
linguistic contextual
input news
sufficient time
topic labeling
powerful role
wordnet domains
second state
communication mechanism
relation depends
response 3
appelt 1985
bracketing results
type distribution
indefinite ones
new query
contextual translation
possible hypotheses
centering mechanism
rules exploit
without omission
via em
parser seems
experimental activity
paper proceeds
ambiguity classes
dag may
method automatically
lexicalized collocation
compound splitting
equivalent class
used binary
ltag derivations
language together
correspondant au
previous cf
booking mode
system realizes
outside characters
difficult nouns
based db
thematic episodes
organization tasks
using church
nps used
9 v
embedded question
used corpus
estimate based
phonological aspects
language reconstruction
itg constraints
entirely absent
find clusters
problem sentences
lines cross
methods lies
represent tile
using bigram
learning research
best performed
frequency test
grammars include
always yields
future users
spearman p
miss dimension
approach clearly
experimental sections
resulting accuracy
generic knowledge
rule development
used approach
position w
several aspects
categories according
inference algorithms
epsrc project
approaches usually
gf labels
method consisting
language communication
art question
use exactly
new error
outgoing pages
specify arbitrary
verb volt
subsequent parsing
like non
tag variants
probabilities p
irex ne
e inference
la segmentation
stack symbol
certain argument
mean exactly
derivational relationships
system later
set remains
shows statistics
rows report
previous stage
picture pattern
substantial improvement
good lexicon
code base
parameters fixed
modifier structure
types plus
annual conference
compared sentence
sun remains
world example
priming effect
smaller context
covered word
phrase combiner
also constraints
potential customers
letter b
pass away
role sri
split according
fluent english
cut must
strategy discussed
handle context
promising work
simple majority
sentiment relevance
alignments induced
reduction constraint
constituency structures
irst system
changes made
quest ion
judgments using
object identity
capture word
world model
comparing table
vp quantifier
english glosses
conduit metaphor
thing referred
bare phrase
forced choice
identifying domain
r value
systems adopting
schemes based
grammar due
ongoing conversation
categories match
2 parameters
30 sets
null rent
sgml document
hilbert space
linguistic needs
similar ones
productive processes
within brackets
xlss system
structural weighting
potential verb
mainly focus
assignment process
deixis analyzer
data suggested
proposition 4
forms extracted
see fig
disjoint classes
ie scenario
estimate term
katz et
de mesure
basic theory
lower weight
achieve classification
process structured
becomes immediately
linguistic use
growth rates
promote effective
mixture algorithm
human mind
analogical system
thai alphabets
annotated datasets
state consists
practical interest
medical conditions
complex factors
italian language
human interpreter
perform basic
n object
argument representations
operationality criterion
users typically
five dialogue
list according
muc information
statistical knowledge
jours plus
queries also
mathematical proof
overall description
fast tbl
conversational interfaces
concepts according
larger n
stochastic categorial
whether feature
interface components
letters indicate
separate concept
reducing overgeneration
extended description
1990 andrew
zoom lens
specific non
fourth clause
denotes tile
ot marks
input concept
penalty 1
antecedent item
retrieved data
related entity
lexical projections
sun microsystems
copying operations
associate features
verb chunk
verbs listed
authors report
vous pouvez
pages 89
first pass
bird found
return information
row represents
one understands
result indicates
attachment given
sentence indicates
restricted environment
various participants
large cn
verbal arguments
following action
english proposition
call command
anaphoric definites
new variations
traditional ways
full chinese
lenient default
algorithm achieved
multiple system
sampling methods
underlying subject
notation described
light stemmers
l r
single sfc
commercial use
practical usefulness
roget categories
agent dialogue
000 wsj
predicative relations
best classification
ai bibliography
better text
third word
highest sentence
structure information
complementation relations
class terms
page snippets
principal entity
text patterns
summer workshop
reverse mapping
relevance judgments
original representations
probability represents
ordering effects
comparison takes
algorithm exists
sentence parts
actual use
investigate three
adaptation set
order feature
aa n
information projection
token classes
korean sentence
semantic diversity
use approximate
information scattered
written instructions
interrogative part
interaction acts
extract trend
perceptual input
rules lead
one square
extracting data
topic continuity
focus algorithm
factoid question
coordinated elements
conflict cannot
zue et
bigram network
building structures
algorithm copies
subsequent papers
thank mitch
complex cases
possible definitions
traditional linguists
good reason
university course
null logue
briefly explain
itg constraint
vigilant memory
different segments
sub event
process efficient
intersective levin
emotion annotation
performance within
span may
central notion
routine returns
stw accuracies
appointment scheduling
definition simply
english dative
prepositional np
rich lexicon
instances since
writers may
000 character
previous phrase
shieber 1988
brun et
dictionaries based
entity 2
corpora differ
partial cognate
process different
model establishes
numerous forms
maximum case
large percentage
text portion
bracketed grid
polytechnic university
audience knows
internal conflicts
computational load
opinion classi
processing phenomena
multiple options
conflicting requirements
evaluation leads
constraints c1
clearly improves
digiti minimi
recognition relies
relation named
without annotation
a71 a115
unknown name
dop perform
essential characteristics
conditional information
gene synonyms
plus sigmoid
probability e
data terminals
transcribed words
one section
determine translation
search rectangle
longest rule
deleted interpolation
suffixes also
preferences using
perplexity using
second uses
hmm trained
parser states
coreference information
vector indicating
case depends
source sub
generating set
attaches low
fact identical
heuristic criteria
green nodes
multicomponent tag
network techniques
central aspect
syllabic verbs
average scores
returned search
level structures
web searching
network weights
values respectively
using eq
intentional mental
authoritative name
lexical marking
evaluation could
reader infers
mots du
spoken word
sentence chosen
planner could
text representations
initial examination
forms represent
real utility
two annotation
task t2
extracted facts
cg representation
material intervening
japan broadcasting
results encouraging
second day
broadcast sources
picky parsing
category system
robustness requirement
learned profession
intelligent agent
since trec
wait list
techniques result
speaker plans
extracted hierarchies
term classes
subject agent
data appearing
lies within
management framework
adaptation system
good linguistic
geographical regions
prediction tasks
pointer fills
major stress
modal frame
mentions two
selection models
stages comparable
precise details
winograd 83
many minor
chart according
significant characteristics
novel classes
parsers might
transformations used
rate using
1 child
information l
adjectives modifying
walker 1989
150 words
irule paraphraser
accuracy compared
target candidates
last layer
function l
overlap score
minimization algorithms
thank christian
target areas
subject gender
paths exist
definition let
disambiguation approaches
weighted derivation
resultant descriptions
pattern generator
get used
correct parts
using speech
knowledge state
pacific fleet
les caract
based domain
thus forms
eight person
multiple words
critical point
feature weighting
null theory
discussed include
includes strings
chain based
various changes
object names
hence l
cat noun
pyramid scores
boolean operator
omitted segment
dependent evaluation
q p
metric methods
frequency table
23 words
processing methods
une solution
morphemes combine
shows top
relative construction
whose daughter
guage processing
model got
seminal papers
string transformation
le d6part
columns 5
relaxation level
n states
sentences coming
shows also
leave behind
produce text
x possesses
r set
disproportionate number
form level
sockeye salmon
implementation could
two users
unvoiced context
ace score
tape recordings
grant 01
reference architecture
aep prediction
predefined categories
relation alone
genre analysis
set p
czech words
digitized audio
poor inter
tfs system
anytime algorithm
similar form
fragment occurs
twins property
line 9
phrase tokens
distinct information
final presentation
kahane et
sentence collection
automatic insertion
trigram tagging
speech utterances
statistical clues
certain properties
common sequences
isa h
new directions
define three
target index
resulting cluster
general part
direct quotes
next reduction
candidate positions
linear chain
since november
systems provide
based automata
content elements
yarowsky 2000
oov recognition
frame specifications
descriptions within
given chunk
linguistic annotations
allows designers
data vectors
iterative loop
planner identifies
drawing training
text adventures
separate arguments
subtree correspondence
car elles
possible verbal
simple verb
pleasant journey
whose ambiguity
input arguments
state qi
main pos
senses would
labeling classifier
extraction component
intermediate structures
use minipar
remain valid
noun synset
vowel must
parallel semantics
including sense
dotted line
intended relation
another article
output information
real time
issues involving
common approaches
state police
initial structures
secondary type
speech language
corresponding template
whose discourse
hoc analysis
tags like
need special
arc arc1
real speech
belief property
detailed evaluations
increasing accuracy
tasks designed
pose significant
preliminary closure
two columns
det art
completed phrase
simplifying assumption
syntactic representation
category words
provided performance
likely topics
frame represents
algorithm successfully
query time
optimal result
efficient finite
community recently
entries consist
czech syntax
automatic annotations
step must
upon data
hmm hedge
selection may
figure show
bootstrapping techniques
possible modifications
wikipedia entity
ir problems
2 verb
frequent roles
including standard
last n
mysql database
translation becomes
ambiguity preserving
graph whose
dependencies among
known patterns
syntactic mechanism
standard part
adaptive background
buckwalter arabic
overall language
quelle que
incremental search
document abstracting
later parts
similar categories
weights produced
used term
ou non
a69 a1
dictionary tool
given nc
matrix verbs
determine referents
french examples
bit functions
referential accessibility
subject n
understanding activity
subtle effects
soft feature
constraint simplification
model compared
word dictionary
particular parser
document discusses
hmm recognizer
operational environments
combining patterns
technical discussion
word tree
translation due
goal might
similar trees
2001 corpus
association measure
pos set
free operation
several mechanisms
grammars built
type r
noord epsilon
concatenation defines
dropped word
subjects completed
indicates optionality
considerable evidence
400 grammar
languages except
adequate results
automatically generates
use equation
extemper uses
token pair
vp constituents
developmental stage
spurious input
scale processing
three annotators
results compared
test instances
resources using
local synchronization
advisory system
several noun
citation analysis
tense endings
hub4 evaluation
small gap
weighted euclidean
individual test
arbabi et
automatic evaluations
loves barolo
structure rooted
operating points
underlying programs
sequential fashion
concept sequence
third example
assignments using
nl level
rst structure
linguistique et
case flames
eight training
width 5
ii sentences
standard code
sortal incompatibility
linguistic works
free formulae
3000 entries
scientifica e
march 1981
parsing history
provide details
data mining
multivariate analysis
aspect feature
technique like
dictation task
end offset
woz studies
one environment
distances among
action schemas
684 sentences
actual sound
feasible region
language type
de type
third model
subsequent modifications
linguistic preprocessing
evaluation revealed
treebank size
algorithms require
transition relations
measure using
treebank style
news conference
month intervals
average absolute
two class
cg syntax
dead computation
incorrect input
coarse rules
academic prose
incremental development
set composition
phrase accent
infinitival verb
two instantiations
style analyses
handling input
high winds
scope inside
chunking spec
strongly influences
alice builds
global models
edge spanning
dalrymple et
perform arbitrary
following trends
closest sibling
coded lexicon
ou moins
within domain
test confirmed
arabic letters
large equivalence
management training
offer much
correct concepts
competing analyses
document 2
vector method
ancient poetry
adjunction may
san francisco
fact provides
peter corpus
elements axe
deep structure
one built
student action
possible tags
de rue
level bootstrapping
points x
documents contain
force method
another right
rule involving
belief tree
kl system
base grammar
stored concerns
constraint discussed
message indicating
telegraphic messages
inference engine
effects may
category cn
relative adjective
channel differences
recursively define
qui sera
takes sense
major theme
merging component
pos system
meta information
trouble getting
occur around
th 2
four characters
automatic preprocessing
document says
simplified domain
strict hierarchy
sp collocations
complete knowledge
verbmobil project
exact phrase
chosen representation
bug reports
vectors need
status checker
propbank frame
new vision
nearly half
extraction sites
term pair
corpus already
space induced
0 c
np chunking
chain ends
instances found
patterns cannot
largest predictive
filtering method
including frequency
unexpected information
performance decreased
smoothed log
richer set
cited document
reasoning capability
improve alignment
appropriate notion
keep pace
reversed lexicon
per ne
pair yx
ongoing effort
domain ontology
adequately deal
entityi number
royal east
basenp chunking
attachment principle
valency requirements
complexity class
discrete phonetic
parts according
techniques involving
associated pos
randomly chooses
frame f
access method
construct natural
identifying sentence
lexicalized itg
general manner
traditional ai
require semantic
arbitrary sub
candidate near
verb uses
meets certain
contextual appropriateness
discourse obligation
sposera il
con rm
term correspondences
method selects
level assessment
main contribution
recent advances
largest likelihood
maximum subword
fixed ground
producing gold
dialogue test
three information
mark certain
type database
asr lexicon
probabilistic semantic
based ones
studies concerning
mt outputs
intellectual attribution
two pilot
clause e
le principe
module integration
satisfactory model
variable would
un tel
base unit
local knowledge
15 percent
regular morphology
data log
effect since
feed back
30 training
identity semantic
time state
past node
supervised test
derivation accuracy
imdi metadata
stylistic concord
instance whether
obj c
limited vocabulary
iconic matcher
clefted constituent
help reducing
greedy decoding
file representation
least cost
using kneser
addresses two
clause follows
use z
information commonly
rule results
procedure update
big mt
three alternatives
clever way
en partie
jing ji
main evaluation
superficial form
class assignments
process corresponds
module tries
single rhetorical
seem worth
1993 csr
strategy followed
search purposes
factored non
rule introduced
allegro common
special phenomena
bridging reference
logan et
tree represents
methodology employed
suitable domain
discourse grammar
qa process
two boxes
time independent
duration modeling
probabilistic labels
overall shape
documents relevant
cf section
seven tasks
symbolic list
information synthesis
word meaning
systems using
phrase relations
n case
handling ellipsis
short clause
context interface
level theories
referent representing
italian restaurants
facts representing
water drained
inflexional type
verb subcategorizes
real alternative
another web
ad agencies
subsidiary word
new verbph
standing problem
dictionary finds
correct possible
improve query
new distinction
results unless
common software
five ways
adaptive algorithm
containing phrases
significantly simpler
bn instances
annotated discourse
route des
conditions associated
standard manner
dummy subjects
convergence time
given semantics
task proposed
object drop
output position
important context
known concepts
null furthermore
level tasks
del quale
sequence based
relative advantage
consistent subset
chunking information
whose complexity
techniques introduced
predicates rather
word spelling
current pass
left column
balance must
related criterion
candidate solution
precision ratio
german machine
dependent set
forme non
semantic profile
conceptual roles
corresponding definition
realistic linguistic
semantic procedures
generating definite
anonymous computational
x respectively
present analyses
valid lfg
higher results
wide number
generation string
entire speech
argue convincingly
posterior marginal
cooperative conversation
editing environment
phrase clustering
dislog clauses
thank bob
misrecognized turns
28 aot3t
include systems
nitrogen tetraoxyde
closed captions
betwee n
null mentation
symbols beginning
ie models
basenp model
discourse unit
collection consisting
found john
part ii
standard dataset
incomplete trees
broader categories
simple hand
systemic framework
complex fact
word tagged
chaque point
right sort
primitive features
formatives grammar
social order
modifiee specification
n g
bray et
appropriate classifier
tor vergata
head finding
generate sentence
finite complements
handle interactions
type signatures
plausible cause
causing event
left children
various categories
english constituents
register setting
translated text
identical values
dependency triples
lexical projection
words due
traditional probabilistic
dialogs using
total scores
earlier modules
multiple access
respective dependency
possessor constraints
instances generated
al qaida
application server
structural words
salience scores
programs written
size small
incomplete answers
definition follows
weighted fsa
methodical way
proof structures
infinite language
joint activity
initial assessment
formal structures
two teams
annealing approach
like run
reliability study
lexical transformations
latter occurs
dynamic rule
1 assumes
main value
unit cost
professional development
positive face
one piece
plant products
object phrase
vp advp
phrase might
commercial ir
third question
beam factor
broad samples
automated speech
expert dialogs
missing templates
automatic keyword
space without
entire segment
2 log
data systems
encode certain
another sense
alignment sequence
represent finer
killed caesar
yield results
highest recognition
wordnet might
precision enhancing
many rounds
interacting agents
greek parliament
minimal time
multiple levels
electronic dictionaries
verbs might
method applied
representational means
report using
index memory
segmenting texts
ordering technique
past states
recognition hardware
weight parameter
wsj transitive
second finding
translation variation
dependent system
orthographic text
appropriate left
preventative expressions
generated correct
agent tries
select 100
estimate model
posterior estimation
fundamental rule
stem alternation
unsure whether
rd generated
final word
causal relations
large lexicons
likelihood distribution
node vp
speaker variation
thedecision tree
substantial advantages
number 12
semantic operations
100 flo
module utilizes
lexicon simultaneously
cdc 7600
rigid word
term natural
chinese corpus
word tag
4 category
produce data
best item
reasonable explanation
parallel computer
individual clause
previous version
macro definitions
event names
various nlp
norm extension
corpus setting
research attempting
feature system
answering factoid
processing could
slower pace
another standard
dennys thought
general bias
open tracks
alignment strategies
verbes cycliques
compositional vpcs
person dialogues
3ds pronoun
general unknown
spurious ambiguity
indicate locations
systems depend
remains unaffected
notation l
topic taxonomy
statistics cannot
gazetteer lookup
bnc lm
g j
parsing systems
two svm
general form
college courses
one constructs
proper evaluation
unique part
repetition repairs
fusion classifier
verb telicity
probability criteria
computing system
conversational background
key field
slight bias
texts would
chinese side
processing spoken
match exists
template corresponds
output adaptors
parallel translations
two occasions
per tree
input templates
target domains
reasonably straightforward
answer complex
thank stefan
ata 100
ppss vb
john saw
error due
local clues
lexical l
communicate via
srinivas et
middle layer
multidimensional space
word among
examples 12
functional style
norm push
selection metric
middle school
ap corpus
value per
query interface
multimodal dialogue
feedback technique
24 month
manual pattern
explicit grammar
e identified
de france
revolves around
word vocabulary
minimal segment
location slot
uses augmented
stylistic constraints
better handle
vector associated
pro le
also forms
taken fl
several start
coverage translation
knowledge must
china international
opening square
comparable result
local statistical
whose interaction
assigns different
common feature
simple systems
man bought
7 coreference
micro level
prototype text
single pos
overlapping speech
significant progress
acoustic modeling
topic changes
language reference
brief explanation
segmentation takes
cell phones
performance groups
kitchen sink
dans cet
npform form
optional documents
translations obtained
indexing module
pattern c
cbr systems
ne w
semantics interaction
also detects
phrase approach
segmentation tool
ranking algorithm
sheds light
vector pa
movie reviews
one focus
common graphical
situation 2
multiple sequences
telephone connection
arity 2
building blocks
obtain performance
internal boundaries
proposed computational
whereas tile
null cause
segmentation ambiguity
sfc module
temporal anaphora
large spoken
multiple related
nilsson et
wj th
handle compound
maximal overlap
require extremely
later modules
retrieved passages
large software
print dictionaries
discourse attachment
analysis need
pragmatic plausibility
ask rule
accurate probability
ranked translations
easily adapt
speaker always
identify groups
application cannot
group found
desired action
probabilistic cfgs
ill tim
line 6
incorrect predictions
analysis takes
boolean feature
order patterns
links necessary
corpora provided
homogeneous classes
p without
many acronyms
classified description
recognizer developed
2 systems
evidence schema
mental objects
media layout
gold tags
programming systems
adjacent model
equivalent inversion
pronominal subject
based entity
analysis tool
pairs included
5 compares
prior research
dependent words
based compression
occurrence network
returned results
nominal compounds
multilingual alignment
multiple approaches
accurate segmentation
rank distance
marie ecrivit
well represent
common factors
earlier word
tree sets
without segmentation
particular occasion
method operates
linguistic level
order logic
influence performance
hand analysis
describe syntactic
question forms
information supplied
go terms
values around
distributions like
sys terns
proper value
tukey tests
syntax formalism
session time
value z
events denoted
associated value
single exception
identification purposes
mccord design
alphabetic character
feature words
based categories
stuhlsatzenhausweg 3
similarity function
target names
dictionary editor
value v
r mation
whose elements
standard cfg
plausibility ratings
conjugation types
generalise across
presents interesting
entities tend
label preference
idea system
time consumed
salient open
tu prends
coindexing restrictions
padre de
following heuristics
effect found
transcription using
true parse
achieved accuracy
class word
separate test
published text
several agents
sequence de
recursion step
corpus 5
company information
id transform
parsers must
gui interface
distance 4
keyword query
instance one
retrieval tasks
popup menu
evaluation output
lexical identities
corrupted speech
frequency evocation
aide du
incorrect rules
shows considerable
relations play
using randomly
handling rules
minimal attachment
prep np
templates extracted
next unit
models involve
speech models
user navigates
magnitude increase
old car
high inter
system conforms
turn makes
stop processing
possible action
category sequences
peripheral concept
programming search
main set
tree described
analyses allowed
weights wi
14 words
standard trees
1 step
000 characters
vicious circle
recursive equation
agreement values
inverse operations
symbolic values
hcrc map
intrinsic measures
20 years
reprise de
stem occurs
like sub
mt reranking
lower nodes
using dl
synchronous derivation
segmentation rules
involves using
relationship involves
subsequent phase
comprises two
insertion site
9 months
di un
service bureau
extracted terms
based nlp
simple script
successful query
parameter list
correct noun
final event
line denotes
daughter signs
helps disambiguate
utterance analysis
always consists
sequential functions
2 sketches
adjectival predicates
weighted matching
press et
traditional key
pattern allows
processing control
a11 a0
ones among
frame statements
reporting period
sentence chunking
total negation
particular fragment
deterministic annealing
al 2000
moderate agreement
modulus item
uniform processing
pair set
links within
similar motivation
nps occur
different dtds
alignment task
input proof
algorithm using
dans ces
pivot object
recursive lda
fixed collocations
next relevant
form list
reasoning mechanisms
given hypernyms
analysis rules
large overlap
generation links
television broadcasts
following analysis
called items
accuracy degrades
specific circumstances
considered part
also return
comparison attributes
8 times
called count
passive verbs
link back
internal punctuation
plenary sessions
adjunct phrases
searching algorithms
hindi translations
lexical counts
passive tense
child raising
anonymous reviewer
occur elsewhere
binomial filter
truck driver
limited parsing
quality measurement
treebank tree
provides facilities
synthesis engine
q denoting
intransitive sentence
every l
substrings starting
teich et
derived neighbors
ces modules
first pick
given collocation
xml file
rules govern
noise inherent
directed arcs
questions would
semantic chunks
chain model
james f
single unique
particular system
exclusive strategy
morphosyntactic phenomena
generation literature
many man
specific sub
minimum path
includes resolving
diphone synthesis
60 megabytes
final example
rules easily
capture lexical
pivot node
synonymous relation
lextcal rules
forward composition
sentences outside
accepted standards
different rule
common supertype
room categories
rule nodes
noun construction
alternate definitions
person wants
time dependent
strategic errors
scores according
given translations
f f
position specific
large feature
discovered word
example grammar
elements might
empirical questions
classifier selects
remaining semantics
translator may
delta function
damsl tags
analysis like
local optimum
noun prep
generator using
fight hand
transformed network
occur sententially
key fields
accident report
target units
appropriate meanings
process improves
extending coverage
called predicate
standard disclosure
text plus
sets several
individual anaphors
reliability index
intersecting trees
instance using
network representation
equivalent derivations
nlp evaluation
unlabeled binary
wordnet version
utterances made
rate 0
back pointers
formed text
accuracy even
line equation
view towards
words primarily
formal theories
nouns using
log p
1 b
5 randomly
generation mode
measurements taken
better models
goal must
incorrect variants
work describes
marked node
null step
headed graph
uncommon words
alignment decisions
corpora 2
det kom
search key
templates scored
tools repositories
judges may
propbank argument
common intersection
good proportion
pure word
tagger augmented
contiguous strings
additional lexicon
informa tion
relevancy recognition
generalized notion
verb clusters
constrained manner
progressive forms
number iis
german matrix
field analysis
tile dialogue
light stemmer
decoded string
gene interactions
full flexibility
communication problems
candidate translations
modified item
based multi
words always
level sentence
per tag
electrical engineering
foundation fellowship
topic bias
n wh
single arc
level acts
terminal sort
earlier event
source combination
outperform standard
automated interface
version 4
although accuracy
set referred
software models
floor control
cooperative effort
context brackets
retrieval efficiency
corpus often
one problem
ir subsystems
another subset
system vocabulary
a49 np
approach yields
single quote
ranking function
bell tree
languages within
alternative search
proper set
produce less
wordnet relatives
incorrect slot
information per
associated set
words assigned
ha incontrato
singular nouns
way two
mary finished
18 dialogues
language testing
support disarmament
parser consists
model describes
four speakers
syntactic coherence
tree framework
extra condition
determine classes
hwim system
better selection
main study
functions instead
structural levels
hand transcribed
began work
xerox corp
act expressions
project began
linguistic situations
adequate text
segment consists
column f
timex phrases
un texte
karypis et
wordnet based
sentences gives
handle fragmentary
gazdar 1979
based machine
verbs based
avoid presenting
constituent label
classifier instead
defeasible inference
verb play
without defaults
taken advantage
output signal
non overlapping
bilingual seed
systems developers
terminal string
next alternative
pruning methods
lexlcal rules
contain nodes
current np
replace b
casting doubt
arity four
rough set
50 test
8 null
particular words
two runs
interactive machine
particle chunk
edison invented
open mind
titles composed
empirical coverage
new subclass
containing sentences
earlier example
terminal alphabet
van de
r onto
commonsense metaphysics
constructions based
video search
includes words
define g
tile course
whose attributes
ice clouds
larger quantities
de aanvaller
case subparts
four contexts
stage model
extra conditioning
comparable results
suffix rules
top dictionary
constituent construction
whose class
chains using
unplanned part
simplification rules
model selected
model places
first action
certain slots
systems essentially
nominal element
action pops
international workshops
syllable containing
states must
lexicon grammar
57 departs
based seeds
separate table
adverbial connectives
learned classifiers
best figure
parser architecture
system identify
mutual understanding
5 judges
functions applied
arrows show
input table
different phones
intervening material
order possible
fixed sentence
structure developed
functional property
uniform process
actual situations
art qa
another utterance
utterances requesting
generates every
output string
topic categories
es c
partial production
ir community
research collaboration
performs three
presentation plan
classifier applied
noun adj
typically contain
user application
atomic syntactic
random graph
baseline classifiers
function z
equal scores
separate clause
break occurs
social world
rules starting
parse ill
topic trees
comment 2
two generation
volume 24
function v
class model
approach produced
thus processing
square matrix
l j
decision model
probability parses
positions around
word parsing
anaphora referring
science texts
features fall
paper represents
intermediate sentence
response contains
new nes
contained ill
precise formal
also modifies
existing hand
detected boundaries
error tolerance
criterion 6
reading task
nonfinite verbs
pairwise measure
semantic networks
suffix like
derivation subgraph
major systems
kana string
one disjunct
sequence a21
particular misconception
word hypotheses
direct antecedents
decision theoretic
projective parsing
corpus needed
deleted estimation
low usage
present definition
average person
longer candidate
l grammar
measures defined
bootstrapping mechanism
frequency usage
sebastian k
based similarities
extraposed material
minipar parses
four minutes
wrong cluster
developing discourse
specific applications
adjacent propositions
quantifiers cannot
level auxiliary
considering ways
detailed interpretation
generates depends
comparative form
natural method
dialog planning
c using
template formalism
initial method
string penalties
look reveals
wir wollten
root could
relations act
distance alignment
pd added
representational system
preceding sequence
thai spelling
measure 0
significant departure
study several
rubric category
data comprises
border line
ordinary dictionaries
ht links
structural approaches
source english
level 5
wrong column
latter process
explicit link
decimal system
implemented rules
name dictionary
adaptive dialog
direct use
edges indicate
der beek
project number
natural learning
schemas de
forms related
scf hypotheses
runtime code
initial learning
purpose clauses
communication intentions
justification given
additional linguistic
nous ne
appropriate user
final scoring
f0 scaling
roots x
produce semantic
operations required
cognitive processing
mixture components
describe specific
tactical generation
performance measurements
teaching assistants
paper follows
partial ones
declarative formalism
discourse deictic
input derivation
second source
comprehensive coverage
word come
parameter values
microsoft agent
recompute association
target phrase
generated headline
score drops
constrained form
missing blank
features simultaneously
marie que
syntactic domains
collaborative systems
automatic interpretation
treatment would
normalization step
branching analysis
minded approach
full parser
stem change
different scopings
entry containing
questions expressed
computational lexicalization
time finding
effective knowledge
general high
final schwa
4 let
early nineties
reordering problem
lexicographic knowledge
new f
0 contains
michael mauldin
treebank tag
kinderen zag
ease element
terms included
computational difficulties
determiners like
right number
null within
somewhat language
tim right
microsoft corporation
diverse features
clustering part
size 2
use regular
subject indexes
detection errors
edge whose
controlled complement
argument 2
data involving
cognitive primitives
compensation payment
similar uses
connected tree
shows graphically
one comma
pass could
static data
modules communicate
mechanisms described
distance query
long span
new definition
models leads
normative device
sentence scoring
japanese entry
important information
sont le
published data
polysemic patterns
associated words
text organization
execution system
commercial translation
relevant nodes
multimodal integration
language activity
within machine
take advantage
linear filter
develop language
group first
give parents
yet use
used source
primary language
simple ga
phrase must
people would
argument place
abstract schemas
see www
sequence model
unlikely case
generation perspective
w one
actual translation
pure bottom
iv rate
special control
important consequences
occurs without
complex word
metric performs
various state
influence 1
integrate multiple
special feature
low results
dictionary covering
augmented context
tree training
statistical dependence
subtle point
use lsa
b default
actual path
assigned meanings
regarding speech
translate documents
coreference annotated
meeting held
contex parser
de pouvoir
web sentences
main role
based criterion
models could
main obstacles
null ate
called type
multiple factors
phone conference
compositional contribution
structures together
standard relations
un cas
fifty years
event might
across wordnet
cal method
term repetition
transformed query
reading newspapers
approach iii
predictive combinators
interpreter takes
network settles
conversational lead
sentence preceding
goal pursuit
patients whose
categorization models
internal tree
work thus
overall procedure
recall scores
distance short
onaizan et
1 null
based chunk
compound nouns
la maison
structural preference
original specification
waste time
syntactic combiner
possible difference
di np
three string
retrieval setting
predicted trigrams
design error
learned pa
rand measure
absolute smoothing
coreference links
reuters dataset
included data
seismic intensity
1 outlines
planned action
corpus via
contain text
regular relations
analysis elements
target range
kr kr
example xi
average training
precision overall
primary stressed
grammars represent
category feature
sanity check
names without
turns per
tpi system
thus b
distributions pr
200 samples
correction program
singular proposition
many documents
distinct readings
lowercase version
still yields
summarization data
accent patterns
state rather
information radius
different base
ldoce homograph
data introduced
documentaire et
capabilities provided
job would
corresponding section
triliteral root
search tractable
congruence relation
referential status
determine correspondences
korean verb
sense entry
subjects design
written p
schemes discussed
negligible effect
practical importance
hmm used
introduction consider
acknowledgment acts
signal detection
reasoning module
pairs comprised
query cannot
different stages
archives initiative
feature related
model thus
described herein
verb complementation
relates lexical
specific research
netherlands academy
must share
tree projection
objectively measure
new sets
sentences obtain
call 1
match one
group nouns
dop model
multiple cases
similarity values
stochastic parsers
valid text
natural phonological
morphological procedures
test process
performs various
filters candidate
text reader
em method
actions involved
priority union
core memory
nuclear scope
visual contact
probabilistic generalization
time inference
results thus
possible substitutions
required type
hebrew morphology
grammar associated
used human
map tasks
basic property
longest sub
structured list
result remains
every ship
sentence remains
probabilistic n
meaning p
folks tonight
revived interest
serious attention
expression defines
reasoning agents
phrasal type
information yields
idf measure
degrade gracefully
evoked schema
bad luck
possible indexing
produce simple
mentioned events
feature approaches
normalization process
candidate inference
reduction compared
filling task
formula p
best contextual
set similarity
translate even
ideal resource
little evidence
searching engine
lesk 1986
infinite sum
matti ylilammi
adverse impact
either provide
adjacent morphemes
dowty 1979
predicate divergences
system significantly
physics text
retinal diseases
webster pocket
formalized representation
selected fl
linguistic referents
ments structures
1 describes
representation theory
word different
em learning
state 4
lexicon instead
longer ones
contradictory beliefs
next issue
arbitrary formula
ry trees
extract likely
nlp system
value vi
documents containing
knowledge encoding
word detector
translation method
desired degree
inactive features
generative string
lead directly
completion predicate
2005 cl
modified chart
functional meaning
sets perform
conjunction followed
understand sentences
ject area
paper sets
implementation aspects
adjectival predicate
common parts
supervised ie
developed based
wild card
crossed composition
concept portable
produces correct
raina et
morpheme pattern
paragraph information
four variables
general corpus
original seed
similar conditions
rapid matcher
use co
presentation types
types contained
syntactic problems
clauses based
processor used
processing capabilities
base containing
50 byte
triphone context
categorization may
child subtrees
task analysis
history could
essential variables
topical feature
discourse continuity
presentation techniques
observed input
tabular parsing
constructing discourse
continuing effort
sleeping edge
sous la
later module
telephone numbers
models achieve
focus determination
occam algorithm
high word
final character
optimal description
predicted states
general approach
textbook data
pattern shown
oblique complement
assembly actions
constituent coordinations
channel paradigm
learners trained
produce equivalent
database curators
free environment
relational notation
2 seconds
second component
mechanism makes
planes system
whereas section
semantic verification
representation purposes
general state
modular constraints
describe preliminary
gram matrix
de lyon
data resources
second sentences
syntax analysis
systems show
acceptable speech
different connotations
queries could
men read
actual referents
occurrences without
matching heuristics
build dialogue
dimensional clustering
also cause
sociological words
often play
talking robots
28 aotjt
actual boundary
performs slightly
new prediction
typical query
algorithm essentially
paper described
modality analysis
forms including
featural parallelism
boolean logic
internal meaning
type time
little meaning
select three
dependent preference
4 template
determining correct
svm scores
msa words
third element
rule belongs
translation restrictions
whole pattern
formal setting
terminal category
du vocabulaire
en intelligence
memory devices
proof method
learner tries
local scrambling
tim standard
interaction history
using domain
positive valency
similar collocation
standard corpus
role binding
whose probability
syntactic units
basic tree
list structures
another letter
patient treatment
complex event
correlation structure
known organization
expression indicates
equals 0
general behavior
deriving n
match using
achieving results
transitive sentences
corresponding subtrees
singular neuter
main levels
np sbar
conflicts among
partial entity
results published
standard approach
preliminary statistical
relevant text
memory processing
use pattern
user guides
various uses
similar translations
descriptive system
evaluating document
knowledge source
better alignments
nodes also
active construction
intelligent way
unary modalities
additive mi
null length
elementary units
head comparison
location specialist
notre professeur
making copies
read permission
parameter classes
a2 a18
features seen
84 speakers
proposed work
like muc
character perplexity
exceptional instance
sign extraction
formal learning
fact also
definition 9
paragraphs contain
distortion penalty
minimum values
since igen
identification step
based solution
fox et
cited articles
global salience
open sources
coverage wsd
pattern contains
interpretation may
application form
logical operators
meaning composition
central limit
symbol x
pk closed
directed cycle
definite conclusions
mechanism might
plural suffix
indicator function
tag using
defined text
alphabetic characters
probable referent
form classes
classification using
v deg
analysed text
pick pron
small dictionary
current slot
less memory
small tree
focus identification
linking information
measure depends
functional tag
term qi
attachment accuracy
thematic grids
portable devices
voting ensemble
a6 verb
speaking subjects
additional rule
perform coreference
speci cations
random vectors
conversational dialog
segments appearing
add annotations
complex example
stage recognizer
clausal extraposition
computerized lexicon
metric indicates
like databases
modification process
words separating
different edges
0 l
contact points
descent search
comma checker
three readings
repair hypothesis
nodes involved
corner prediction
gender filter
size four
recognition systems
one considers
w1 w2
scores ranging
deterministic rules
level recognition
k distinct
vast quantity
fairly transparent
elements composing
formed queries
context a24
computer scientist
using nuance
based semantics
focused summaries
classical transfer
nombre et
style indicator
word obtained
implicit disambiguation
evidence gathered
link parser
various granularities
styled expressions
code generator
instant comprehension
reliable way
word algorithm
data independence
current action
action performed
a38a27a39 usr
appropriate tools
automated processes
ran along
potential reasons
set el
shanker using
human tagged
consider case
pause duration
rules build
second prototype
cases several
three obligatory
red wine
parsers trained
final lexical
introductory description
expression chosen
love ed
others would
machine part
desired analysis
alignment features
subsequent components
pages 201
query domain
weighted labelling
correct mappings
dimensional binary
new summarization
function 7
ccg lexicon
research underlying
specification language
7 times
extracted word
k according
scoping algorithm
predicate introduced
rules reduces
higher language
vowel height
la toupie
sls technology
problems remain
prolog queries
parameters discussed
layer perceptrons
derived form
growing corpus
successful analyses
library world
stemming rules
nd p
original intention
wordnet entries
age 2
generation knowledge
involves reasoning
training course
analysis effort
word enters
development foundation
parameters p
noisy terms
highest log
process analysis
sentence p
extract relation
contexts must
large parts
ronald kaplan
lll challenge
verb ending
final detail
resource limitations
perception experiment
strict total
toneless stw
many persons
incremental text
machine code
one occurrence
alternative results
unique author
dependent facts
largest increase
missing fragments
time coordinate
word support
normal usage
methods typically
containing pairs
pair sequences
weak monadic
four primitive
count distinction
another potential
constituents represent
125 words
words method
taggers disagree
greater parsing
computer aids
priority value
deverbal nominalisation
alignment across
official performance
2 markov
matrix elements
coverage score
serious challenge
35 sentences
5 candidate
rule numbers
structure provided
using production
expert grammar
basic meaning
preceeding sentence
tie rod
v 1
joint actions
line lists
hz vs
mouse atlas
made helpful
ir word
mt problems
level via
hit bill
standard files
large portion
systems depends
involves certain
er et
artificial errors
next subsection
possible analysis
two bits
considerations led
feature hierarchies
structural factors
fast rules
weighted edit
individual id
useful generalization
various conditions
linguistic intuitions
linguistic investigation
interpret utterances
features contain
models implement
abstract reasoning
chinese phrases
destination state
also convey
human nature
obtain accurate
reduction process
containing predicate
useful n
rule acquisition
six meetings
linked set
bikel et
news corp
applied linguistics
may state
individual documents
tagged subset
virginia tech
5 participants
temperature b
size ratio
cheap restaurants
french noun
event based
maintain multiple
like atn
occur adjacent
np followed
translation associated
correlated phrase
nl object
treebank parsing
recognizing names
penultimate syllable
tile correspondence
grammatical nature
june 18
specific generator
work presents
derived categories
g containing
complement set
good condition
processing repair
siml format
semantic structures
last constraint
extraction experiment
question processing
verbal complex
premier argument
qi stress
normalized front
tagged vbd
step produces
pragmatic use
word bi
derived trees
program like
american flight
efficient run
long documents
wsme models
online discussions
extract summaries
higher numbers
always work
developing annotation
literal movement
single role
potential point
line parsability
senses without
subject constraint
correctly assign
gravitational force
thus describes
insurance company
concerns tim
interpret language
tipster topics
grammatical order
emit probability
red apple
cambridge international
proof relies
process starting
matching baseline
appropriate classification
plus proches
attributes assigned
syntactic phrase
whole relationships
4 definition
representational levels
level stress
classifier design
concepts present
knowledge component
contain data
direct estimation
structure arborescente
extractive summaries
subsequent analysis
kishore papineni
bigram f
disambiguation modules
gram tm
investigation shows
saw every
method increases
explanation generation
words w0
theoretical literature
predictive information
future course
minor variant
show high
compression task
longer answers
possible arcs
lexical score
linguistic appropriateness
total training
particular preference
class lexical
entre le
whole context
another cause
empty elements
wordnet model
quadratic kernel
dependency relationship
hierarchical tree
local errors
cd model
set inclusion
essay revision
initial choice
4 evaluates
henderson et
similar clusters
enthusiasm increases
rst discourse
normal results
true sense
directed processors
oriented lexicon
identification within
narrow context
involving relations
exact model
parameter pair
features relevant
correctly label
word corresponds
article types
make perfect
cs students
lexical node
event term
types appeared
disk drive
100 categories
valid data
values increase
characters long
floating boat
revision process
topic state
drinking water
mcdonnell douglas
tag jj
gaussian state
tim spilled
processing capability
phoneme pairs
use context
weighted deduction
sentence composition
wrong thing
case tree
challenging problem
insert sgml
100 trees
shaded area
experimental method
knowledge gained
specific combination
complex conceptual
form pair
several points
borkar et
3 parsing
set variables
state reached
languages share
basic tag
nlg applications
older children
various subsets
linear svms
new parameter
character images
topic independent
medical terminology
times respectively
cm long
utterance group
example taken
resolution step
drs k
executive summary
dachshund bit
les sciences
logical composition
possibilities include
natural end
make changes
item b
valid combinations
step movement
consonnes et
plus system
minor category
also b
parameter identification
suitable solution
many pronouns
en tenant
spoken dialogs
command interpreter
par excellence
new lemmas
consonant gradation
extracted event
becomes especially
row per
procedure assigns
sign paint
une liste
shallow tree
single index
entities since
threshold k
la programmation
one entry
constraint violations
representations directly
processing aspects
7 documents
transformation stage
improve f
density hidden
entire domain
robust dialogue
symbols containing
numeric activation
directions corpus
17 slots
positional index
recall f
every v
internet search
also process
argument label
wrong type
simple nodes
verb predicates
actual values
real ones
identifiers used
jackson et
chance level
basic vocabulary
small tag
yan zhou
general conditions
assignment program
fiat structure
learning transformations
response file
obvious reasons
white male
one stroke
contiguous words
compound name
locative prepositions
pollack 1992
bound l
human interlocutors
lexical frequencies
cited authors
transcriptions provided
across test
crown pcc
pause preceding
ontological qa
framework used
occurrence scores
system speed
measure alone
whole penn
two endpoints
different standards
left margin
achieves good
semantic requirement
segmentations produced
additional non
entire candidate
representations onto
system obtained
svms find
vppformation subgrammar
lfg grammar
structure 2
algorithms must
points 2
indique la
8 presents
tabular algorithm
aide des
vague term
reference alignment
dictionary generation
order module
math interface
else fails
line 17
arithmetic operations
kept constant
semantic atoms
intended goal
information required
graphical symbols
free formalisms
involve changes
8 verbs
massive parallel
null tences
question b
2 nodes
question submitted
use penn
independent problem
sets based
calling attention
given accuracy
certain condition
mentioned discourse
towards specific
attribute constraints
small vocabulary
a9 a18
jonathan slocum
serve two
written characters
master dictionary
examples already
environment e
section 0
group name
candidate lexemes
reference summary
mate scheme
target term
conduct research
search tree
syntactic tagger
four dictionaries
current trends
main loop
course materials
base taxonomy
first analysis
surface tape
number nbchd030010
grammar underlying
motivational sphere
kept unchanged
true frequency
version o1
measure performed
1400 words
task one
ren de
obaq frame
relevant data
overall strategy
pure lexical
without anaphora
porting effort
need never
acquisition algorithms
direct reply
events whose
relations ingoing
determined beforehand
parsing point
extraction procedures
local environment
db snr
uses wordnet
without success
adequate models
100k tokens
learning l
item within
pleases sue
slash features
patterns given
full words
based computer
classer les
compositional syntax
special patterns
ra score
made worse
example containing
relation involves
emerging genres
association lines
include text
leibler divergence
erent languages
tag channel
tags using
words associated
approach consists
fe bracketing
system support
significant insights
orion system
perform similarly
system tags
defined data
reference query
participial phrases
cross constituent
nondeterminacy introduced
textual phenomena
object model
middle english
runs counter
two dialogue
structure knowledge
interactive computer
two roles
specific english
relevant combinations
change resulted
lr model
scope embedding
introduce noise
semantic bootstrapping
prediction vectors
documents belong
grammar parameters
instantaneous event
ir model
head pairs
nodes ni
structures encode
two symbol
teaching architecture
island parser
phase structure
account tile
answer language
incorrect resolution
tag ngram
generation operation
random search
transduction rule
relation connects
teaching computational
high scoring
chinese source
e according
minimal automata
japanese lexicons
wsd problems
overall salience
position along
certain expression
distance cues
adjustment process
nlg research
network flow
cue phrases
incorrectly selects
another tier
arithmetic expressions
dependency relation
representational preference
volitional action
another step
punched cards
digit number
system attained
lexical correspondences
goal component
manner adverbs
route section
every node
distinctive properties
gram history
identifying perspectives
e message
translation choice
objective measures
cas e
conversation agent
required testing
conversion accuracy
head predicate
false errors
pied piping
computational dialogue
standards used
model real
dimensional term
symbol string
adequate semantic
address register
algorithm tries
15 cases
priming mechanism
versus 77
unambiguous trigers
text construction
maxent method
ascii files
en los
constraints would
chosen clustering
acronym dictionary
time component
question within
limited quality
obvious weakness
simpler questions
speech hypothesis
sentential negation
flat f
unique representative
main problems
various clusters
set weights
alfredo cristiani
baseline test
used measures
explanation using
technique using
approach rests
paraphrasing model
deeper structures
structured object
definition 6
relative evaluation
initial graph
best ir
properly translate
character patterns
algorithm depends
clause denotes
test persons
final element
creat act
recent experiment
il en
statistical computing
neutral words
detection problem
verb seem
voting method
chinese propbank
95 confidence
reentrant unification
categories already
solution cannot
elementary terms
syntaxe et
four members
triggering environments
error associated
english europarl
using compression
chomsky 1957
language becomes
cuk et
one percentage
optimal summaries
tokenizing transducer
systems performed
mathematical description
th morpheme
sentiment tagging
second predicate
parsing text
overall hypothesis
classical automata
entry form
chapter 12
acquires new
highest weight
hh dialogue
resolution within
system shall
voiced approximant
residual vq
formalisms may
concept co
show th
quantitative analysis
linear grammar
target referring
belong either
fixed interval
objects displayed
descriptive levels
9 years
initial parameters
restrictions concerning
particular feature
semantic theories
language due
lexical occurrences
working program
bracketed text
lexicon design
sentence uttered
kitchen table
significant contribution
keyword enumeration
hierarchical tag
involving proper
common noun
words drawn
get bound
automated production
system corresponds
concept inherits
modification structure
canonical structure
japanese spoken
parse histories
patterns corresponding
coverage natural
linguistic classes
relatively crude
speak freely
rule models
tight clusters
particular graphical
reports precision
issues may
tag symbol
else fail
fissore et
lexicon containing
generative perspective
grammar test
two representatives
around noun
semantic tasks
including null
contain less
vertical gap
slot classifier
earliest attempts
simple text
improvement came
rounds lfp
verbal structure
procedure becomes
activation pattern
css components
p refers
human interlocutor
1 presents
seed instances
languages studied
label assignments
first baseline
linear time
voice calculator
constraints stated
atomic energy
phd students
new parses
paratactic operators
specific nl
hpsg english
produce prosodic
reference comprehension
linguistic object
traditional lexicography
general consensus
expensive human
systematic construction
explicit part
document planner
composite operation
different circumstances
improve ner
weighted bayesian
developed model
strategy applied
coverage case
bitext used
sentence 15
nn vb
progressive process
geta system
whose derivations
human parsing
straight web
generalization using
text understander
confidence feature
concepts already
various inference
graduate fellowship
preposition introducing
le texte
simulated system
minimal changes
story boundaries
syntagmatique de
intended parse
con j
time comparison
smart edit
ellipsis antecedent
sl query
rule selection
une seule
systems tbr
first motivate
relative value
communication science
satoh et
borrows heavily
new sequence
2 text
extra scores
sense could
concept pattern
corpora include
input documents
4 correspond
native competence
experiment based
another process
work proposes
makes appropriate
effect due
storage system
central tendency
create coherent
ordering operations
generalizing values
algorithm utilizes
figure 4c
different sub
entities found
intransitive verb
since actions
maximal noun
across multiple
aha et
mechanism must
denote different
scope disambiguation
precision graphs
appear ill
various degrees
force search
structures according
across clause
latest news
terrorist events
worth investigating
oating point
set a5
algebraic expressions
kay 1977
metonymy occurs
summary produced
sharing system
expert agreement
metadata descriptions
good approximation
technical problem
input two
north carolina
many constructions
spatial concepts
general finding
prenucleus accents
h knows
overall goal
cosine threshold
typical english
little doubt
pat caller
run using
vater ist
characters except
complete computation
actual object
english tu
two alternations
new strategies
case involves
allows independent
next part
caused problems
behaves much
focus would
using perl
environment described
created rules
du corpus
linguistic account
speaker actually
dotted symbol
practical evidence
satisfy tile
confidence factors
penn chinese
holds iff
rules capture
hypotactic structure
acoustic representation
vossen 1998
complex lexical
corresponding problem
model proposes
election 2004
inevitably result
association list
pc platforms
restaurant process
lexical equivalents
constraint grammar
h sentence
500k words
given cluster
second edge
investigates whether
contain relative
effectiveness measures
continuous string
reference category
understanding method
main cases
mapping dictionary
z 5
professional language
process reduces
determining attachment
particular sublanguage
5 categories
partial matrix
inflectional forms
lexical case
via sentence
chinese sentences
includes cases
general significance
la msme
rule may
following year
long response
l cannot
failing unifications
string represented
simpler versions
target texts
input analyzer
overall cost
two activities
syntactic issues
bayes framework
significant deterioration
verb together
applying transformation
also describes
expected search
used document
monotonic inference
35 pairs
topic dependent
based clusters
static si
first vodis
different schema
finding correct
chinese students
therefore becomes
handle misconceptions
fund np
expressions typically
real nlp
comparable numbers
baseline coreference
association file
information following
al form
partial solution
solving task
common event
estimation process
p c
text page
measures accuracy
3 algorithm
enables parsing
system crashes
collocations based
domains also
level verb
maintaining domain
another idea
language signs
valid relative
musical pieces
code allows
context machine
input even
san jose
subordinate context
initial tokenisation
de structures
analyse morphologique
5 answers
future user
techniques may
atomic constraints
straightforward computation
major reasons
base form
without capitalization
sufficient criterion
negation markers
microsemantic parser
six kinds
automaton accepting
transfer frame
wilensky 1983
inverted question
basic parsing
opinion piece
decreases dramatically
transformed cepstrum
english proficiency
schutze 1999
nl argument
interrogative phrases
kay 1994
step towards
1st person
specified way
appropriate content
computational activities
whether p
null regarding
contain semantic
holding company
search among
simplex entries
subjectivity label
using multi
large subcorpus
japanese examples
predicative nps
dependency models
absolute constraints
first experience
4in fact
parsing metrics
basic hypotheses
definition questions
vectors using
ritchie et
tacitus project
3rd person
coherent dialogue
consonant preceding
also places
system translating
lexical bottleneck
ordinary part
f 6
partial semantics
strings could
doi et
james mayfield
link words
knowledge bank
local focus
discrete densities
interpretation functions
domain spotter
domains involved
clearly non
length one
action item
units would
structural parts
interesting relationship
following tests
distributive ambiguity
information consists
sense heuristic
destructive graph
increase communication
parser chooses
translation parameters
potential combinations
back end
c depends
application independent
function consists
short description
questions arising
event chronologies
theoretical elegance
weighting mechanism
us confidence
present task
stronger effect
clear trends
slots associated
powerful model
minimal impact
also mentions
input structure
bare nps
man months
eye shut
exact pomdp
steady improvements
matsumoto et
lts rule
subject dependency
system proposed
valid semantic
using machine
attributive distinction
20 msec
selective bayes
multiple modules
shared memory
hmm speech
regular inflection
garbage texts
patterns defined
phenomenon like
allow reference
parser rather
langue source
gold ilc
falls far
several pps
devices described
rst annotation
prediction systems
subord value
text created
tool provides
formation rule
approaches tend
procedure computes
adverbial complements
categories depending
two bit
classes discovered
sensitive tests
acquired subcategorization
one equivalence
based inference
maximal credit
31 n
realistic applications
form lexicon
fixed verb
future extensions
categories aim
complex compounds
verb pairs
node size
wsj results
sequence element
words u
derived corpus
sufficient motivation
generate search
leaves room
annotation reliability
system implementations
many events
interface tools
surface distance
two expert
mental representation
context similarities
distinguishing feature
hat den
represent words
route goes
whilst others
handcrafted rules
base trees
cohesion value
direct translation
entries specify
morphosyntactic patterns
confidence suspected
communication failures
assisted dialect
noisy word
parse sentence
unique translations
called chunks
arabic ir
algorithm alone
use available
developing segmentation
gb principles
grammar table
second regression
le cas
strong effect
preposition heuristic
sense examples
direct path
language variation
chromophobe renal
ranked pairs
intermediate verb
purposes since
system action
null ing
geographic names
include data
different applications
fifteen seconds
source training
word dog
modular theory
verb predicate
term distillation
wasser fallen
syntax group
direct maximum
initial verb
category hierarchy
like e
sls program
properties allow
three usages
formal parameters
christophe colomb
list learning
open dictionary
system treats
p allows
uses templates
actually correspond
svm framework
column 6
trigger parameters
positional names
predictions produced
technical features
vietnamese language
featural tier
till twelve
control node
dynamic unification
parser 4
contiguous sequences
control schemes
greek texts
tokens taken
individual constant
forces one
570 mark
important links
referent labelled
passes information
f denotes
field tests
appl type
strict subordination
guide word
246 sentences
phone strings
text contained
target entries
two experiences
new task
lisp code
event model
corpus search
predicted scene
unigram counts
ending analysis
concept relationships
first pc
clustering approach
9 john
single individual
bracket matching
xslt templates
alignment pattern
constraints rule
designated set
real machine
atis test
dependency may
overall topic
word cache
definite np
label word
average v
list l1
kwon et
knowledge creation
cismef team
semantic expectation
operating system
corresponding features
study aims
transition vector
regularities found
a6a10a7a3a7 a4
major weakness
sensory input
virtual library
algorithm performed
minimal form
translation test
proceeds exactly
string coverage
set members
overall parse
small world
whose application
huls et
context positions
structure encodes
preposition feature
document layout
structural decomposition
general phrases
filler constituents
mood features
words suggesting
syntactic term
words actually
discourse categories
multivariate gaussian
length using
thus presents
3 corresponds
distributions using
word pool
automatic identification
entre elles
transcribed word
users whose
x would
noun strings
verbal response
labeled graphs
attributes specify
discourse trees
following meanings
nonterminal frontier
methodological issue
frequencies found
mt community
public telephone
relational meaning
annotation method
null fined
substructural logics
preselection queries
2 utterances
involves maintaining
e ls
nominal unit
adjective verb
phrasal chunks
whole information
called bunsetsu
grammar transforms
mining process
relative system
applies statistical
possible continuations
models add
degree greater
cant reduction
asr applications
psycholinguistic experiments
annealing schedules
breath group
perfectly coherent
logic rules
experiment aims
reduce recognition
feature indicates
ou une
null adjunction
test verbs
propose agent
parameter would
long description
user adaptation
two tracks
point exists
node distance
corpus development
english dependency
map via
pragmatic level
0 v
parsing typed
relations syntaxiques
parsing data
resource usage
paragraphs containing
un verbe
use information
response object
pinpointing module
contains different
authorship identification
right sides
ideal system
form would
northern ireland
original hmm
helpful suggestions
descriptor array
affect scores
work takes
morphemes rather
double check
travelling salesman
type cannot
whose removal
enables efficient
corporate managers
qbte approach
network relations
markov assumptions
meaning similarity
bracketed data
data acquisition
transition distribution
property guarantees
alignment space
proposed error
removing punctuation
whole work
companies pay
semantics constraints
class qa
every g
penn 1994
fledged parser
goal sign
entities relative
special programming
multiple word
related technique
trees derived
structure expresses
development efforts
german tiger
really part
response frame
efficient unification
compilation algorithm
incr tsdb
algorithm tbr
joint learning
context expansion
computational realization
sense perplexity
application uses
whole compound
cases based
recognizing proper
metonymy processing
major text
constructional analysis
independent occurrence
clausal element
group 1989
feasible way
spurious derivations
dependent phone
simple data
appropriate spatial
minimal trees
classi cations
noun pos
productivity gains
global way
knows whether
three template
one leg
setting tape
interesting relation
hypothesis generator
du contexte
restrictions applied
model need
cue sentences
estimation null
domain without
explicit unknown
relatives aux
pages 185
single units
62 hours
occurrence sets
achieves accuracy
error detection
implicit relations
system quality
provide non
else goto
concept patient
acquire sense
rcl parsers
model takes
topic clusters
recorded data
czech word
true antecedent
target model
explicit form
large treebanks
accurately predicts
attachment type
revising grammars
program achieved
require arbitrary
practise reading
cooperative dialogue
us government
short utterances
denote respectively
emergency fund
scheme results
results need
common conceptual
elimination constraints
language generally
versus one
corpora built
restricted feature
integrated understander
module interfaces
source l
appropriate truth
genre classification
topic significance
ratio based
acoustic understanding
simple combinations
automated nlp
representations constructed
definite need
head stack
discourse recipe
default schema
way discourse
using chunk
new functionality
computer without
low penalty
reference distinction
presents another
image recognition
fs grammar
convenient form
entries associated
call k
collocation pairs
mapping among
proposition 9
definition also
properties 1
part 6
online training
object collocates
w 1
fan et
psycholinguistic database
usage constraints
18th month
hypothetical dialogue
modest number
per dialog
rules obey
techniques frequently
providing tools
lexical properties
identical non
nespole domain
johnston et
word substitutions
focus rule
candidate items
model unlike
ljolje et
given predicate
dative cases
classical categories
np inside
constituent strings
boosting method
student performance
string features
internet resources
describe ways
ii 12
prior training
relative words
string also
e vmte
many configurations
network bandwidth
mt based
estimate probabilities
entropy criterion
word indexing
first cycle
ga var
consonant doubling
1000 terms
sister features
neighboring passive
following webber
network might
good combination
highlighted word
0 score
let e
computerized conferencing
semantic learning
p appears
model predictions
implemented generation
special mechanisms
using min
linguistic differences
maximum approximation
relational nature
search pass
expression module
shallow parsing
des groupes
2 numbers
similarity would
newline character
yarowsky uses
solving equation
similar predicates
adjunction constraint
scoring tokens
holophrastic matching
special noun
svm training
pretempo a19
tree yields
batch training
achieve maximum
modern standard
theory assumes
two figures
absolute sense
psycholinguistic principles
slu models
general encoding
relevant passages
syntactic regularities
parsody system
linguistic judgements
user fills
main terms
dimensional model
np consisting
results became
approach ignores
best interpretation
building systems
prompting program
training tuples
windows environment
segment separately
entire multi
possible misunderstandings
articles contain
written tn
predicate language
iota term
basic verbal
available reference
action 3
wh questions
rules allow
ambiguity inherent
single transducer
mean precision
salient entities
topic inference
complete parser
design includes
highlights certain
probability pi
features containing
similar comparison
noun means
transmitted information
lexical descriptions
context given
complex element
class assignment
dominance graph
average frequencies
satellite ius
clustering uses
attributes associated
structure shared
query expansions
external environment
whose success
clock time
final release
assign values
tagging accuracy
checking account
completely parse
logical objects
user select
seven systems
method makes
adverse conditions
ellipsis processing
category noun
r features
word samples
utterances may
least abstract
receives two
method starts
best path
plural objects
actual ordering
features consistently
tag depends
disambiguated collection
one spoken
de poids
generating word
work like
someone may
words test
default inheritance
telephone corporation
story tree
alternative language
extracted compounds
generative statistical
reestimation algorithm
lhe best
membership relation
category 348
following user
output label
cannot say
programming projects
simple queries
contextual distinctions
acronym ttf
differ slightly
verb type
linguistic argument
human evaluators
en langage
remaining children
performance continuous
utterance 1
application conditions
increased attention
free occurrence
level systems
types combined
verbal description
size beyond
experimental parameters
kernel item
lower dimensional
context matrix
search parsing
restricted sublanguage
translation table
trigger verb
x1 x2
web corpora
appropriate chart
time however
phrases exhibit
world basis
support threshold
bindings established
spl input
among languages
prefix matching
weight calculated
document parser
right incremental
textual feature
explicit indications
measures correlate
berg 1996
upper concept
different unification
dialectal variation
basic algorithm
two excerpts
composed rule
semantic interpretations
search hypotheses
let s1
project include
know something
efficient generator
characters b
communication media
also share
correlated word
term variability
chinese sign
rule choices
parallel machines
approval rating
model like
new solutions
features cannot
scanned text
unlexicalized parsing
recall trade
tree produced
syntactic gaps
clean separation
multiple event
position ai
information learned
nonsense words
slot 1
head according
tout moment
general source
representations might
opine first
human languages
infrequent events
automated machine
basic proposal
direct concatenation
global constraint
1 np
verb want
directional n
results like
literary translation
grammatical ambiguities
modal expression
component tasks
method might
efficient prolog
word components
leftmost point
annotation associated
poor fit
distinctions among
actual argument
open vocabulary
particular parts
phrase movement
selecting k
r word
based documentation
unattached constituents
additional sub
present statistics
difficult test
everyday life
standard orthographic
level search
feature distinguishing
long vowels
attribute extraction
sentence similarity
clearly plays
parallel treebank
ordinary cfg
following extensions
gertjan van
renyo form
spoken audio
data set2
et dont
types extracted
includes parts
current experience
file must
parsers used
good english
indian language
machine state
test datasets
cm process
either user
de nouvelles
much world
good guys
topical noun
straightforward means
pair indicates
program successfully
target question
previous experiments
single phrase
conceptual dictionary
finite languages
solved problem
iteration number
matrix inversion
svo sentence
coverage computational
hypothetical reasoning
head match
approach work
suffixes attached
verbal constructions
reach consensus
context corresponding
tagged b
system know
complexity theory
methods employ
site contains
certain combination
approach facilitates
built decision
term expression
senseval evaluation
problems detected
l rela
central use
break verbs
dialogue utterances
plot units
filtering results
based architectures
point whether
one heuristic
final contexts
input incrementally
second message
potential semantic
normal language
obtained classes
grammatical interpretation
core mt
content extraction
structured lexicon
nil nil
token propagation
interrogative sentences
fewer features
medial position
uses multiple
semantics along
n alignment
unsupervised transformation
associated terms
resume processing
sophisticated ones
lexical recall
good scores
ftp site
american usage
crafted constraint
common suffix
nitrogen fixation
erroneous words
oncina et
wide focus
english coreference
synthesis programs
experimental test
contains far
questions relating
new questions
trigram probability
observation pdf
clusters like
phenomena would
orthographic variation
related items
certain interesting
l 8
rule gives
perform tagging
argument switching
probabilistic ranking
constructs like
metalinguistic information
feature bags
link related
set representation
query given
main issues
using semantics
higher dimensional
paragraph number
rules 1
related morphological
utterance plays
grube grabt
entropy solution
adjacency sequence
principles involved
metrical theory
lcs type
arpa research
x rule
represent either
short relation
coding schemes
style top
discover relations
like framework
present coverage
representation tree
different databases
style features
dialogue language
representation specified
expected results
intonation tag
weight space
hepatitis b
tsai et
late r
take value
hansards corpus
sentence contexts
sentences shows
special purpose
finding relevant
differenced cepstrum
two adjuncts
support verbs
parser error
process builds
disambiguation p
sont de
second experiment
preceding co
deep syntactic
female dog
tile treatment
cuk 1988
grammar development
frequent tag
node tree
reading requires
briefly comment
cnf formula
normally produces
oriented ilp
one feature
significant role
du canada
gender agreement
grammatical function
junction grammar
feature hierarchy
vertical distance
synthesis phases
null np
logical contexts
auxiliary distributions
system coupled
monolingual paraphrase
extract n
simplest ways
longer translations
many discourse
parliamentary debate
various predicates
bootstrapping approach
corpus comprises
18 points
lexical computational
grammar previously
related point
v k
registration fee
relations according
arguments concerning
association score
dependent modules
represent sequences
convergence criterion
predicate relation
energy consumption
thus proposes
fact leads
seeking confirmation
new round
constraints hold
word analysis
initial search
tag named
please contact
separate description
given type
recognizer errors
fold cross
urban guerrillas
data relative
input description
operation would
structural word
probability conditioned
comparative phrases
resultative reading
categories via
deaf pupils
one scalar
particular collection
feature modules
much background
restrictions view
best list
hansard text
include semantic
ideas expressed
overhead incurred
occurs 10
uses labeled
new constants
adjuncts may
wsd based
different truth
version described
linguist may
a11a16a15 a1
strong similarity
like person
1 mapping
allow simple
words observed
recursion elimination
containing expressions
syntactic entries
state called
multiple extraposition
sondheimer 1981
fact could
oak ridge
based accuracy
used corpora
short summaries
traditional planning
nouns belonging
see lakoff
accented syllables
performance achieved
internet connection
desired performance
short paper
real semantics
alternative relation
ic models
transition r
edge connecting
life form
remaining items
proper parts
kuich 1997
entry corresponding
drops slightly
rs trees
mass noun
root plus
raw words
map grid
automatic lexicon
database table
test input
full feature
major data
expert opinion
accurate probabilistic
arithmetical operations
theme intersection
algorithmic handles
also presents
resumed text
classifying verbs
observed probability
matrix using
np grammar
successive stages
hirsimaki et
la distance
various sites
relative localisations
immediate subtrees
working class
problem encountered
book chapters
register block
penman multilingual
words table
scf determination
rule defining
pour un
actual lexicon
use italics
data selection
spatial analog
lower n
equal modulo
indexing techniques
information requests
conceptual meaning
type changes
also verbs
constitutes cia
grounding space
anaphoric entities
displays two
initial development
intersection set
output tables
accuracy ranges
metrics may
maximum bipartite
software inc
oblique argument
single tagger
onto nodes
french orthography
strings separated
vocabulary increases
tagging technique
sampling p
retrieval systems
constituents appear
inner node
antecedents list
general sentences
modern forms
potential target
hughes trainable
additional applications
context contributes
id attribute
novel applications
second iteration
level weight
l form
generated form
ariane system
probable correction
ml system
development testing
theory b
assume c
ucfg rule
first channel
primary hypothesis
hard sets
briefly overview
assumptions needed
correct divided
three bills
actions available
methods even
10 topics
reason given
metaphorical usage
way interaction
40 utterances
base corpus
learning algorithms
act interpretations
parses whose
extracted element
event chain
word starting
scores indicating
concepts via
working environments
projective arcs
report describing
without repetitions
simple relative
first aspect
observation stream
interaction subgraph
simply point
languages like
act 5
type clash
collocational relation
writing rule
estimate j
np unit
larger span
rr 1992
addis ababa
present also
simple association
german ministry
model editor
edges added
research involving
transfer lexicon
learning schemes
one sublanguage
corresponding entry
unsatisfactory results
eventive nominalizations
highest point
p contains
1 rules
diasumm system
lexicon trees
medline database
storage overhead
simr accepts
relation path
four part
sentence inside
parameters automatically
meaning project
continuous digit
wildcard pattern
introduces noise
data may
remain unsolved
reducing data
structure include
prediction made
empirical information
numbers refer
specified subset
larger fragments
postgraduate award
rule n
outermost level
2 models
r example
standard sentences
information common
phone set
specific past
default unification
scene may
parser comes
school textbooks
whose transitions
subjective decisions
limited experience
distinction cannot
assumption implies
sql queries
integer value
random splitting
best predictive
relative operator
generated pitch
special attention
five parsing
words translated
shieber tree
final plan
system controls
grounding acknowledgements
machine trans
special module
models converges
expression p
empirical consequences
acquire extraction
important place
parser differs
system components
semantic thesaurus
multiple scoring
separate layers
question regarding
wsj1 corpora
insights regarding
r model
greatly enhance
scale annotation
cpa pattern
geographic coordinates
syntactic model
core domain
german morphological
left wall
simple semantic
different measure
without adaptation
generation environment
0 vi
third authors
possible tests
enormous complexity
linguistic tradition
physical state
automated essay
time improvement
lemmatized query
boundary words
includes instructions
sentence consisting
box contains
hpsg framework
fixed weight
program generation
dependent word
single terms
eventual goal
parameter updates
words labeled
subsequent performance
focused goal
optional attributes
gt method
binding assumption
53 words
discourse corpus
like training
rankboost algorithm
usage frequency
utterance without
existing data
include nouns
specified dependency
defimng patterns
model elements
generated trees
hidden values
rules formulated
toxic products
root dominance
independent methods
cell c
include simple
elementary model
action kb
reject strings
closed features
hebrew texts
new power
noun set
fall behind
v 3
handling dialogue
scores vary
still work
respective events
proposition 6
phonological strings
basis elements
der sandt
first classifier
features encoded
little boys
total frequencies
appropriate antecedents
propositional information
topsense algorithm
unnecessary computation
sentence plan
research results
extensive feature
plausible referent
2 selection
higher n
extensive examples
traversal string
type 8
new top
better way
sequential proof
node sharing
line information
fact retrieval
new features
discourse state
distributed database
adjustable parameters
three scale
references based
1988 marc
replace rules
verb according
score given
contain functions
a15 a27
mmse estimator
similar pairs
another threshold
ontonotes project
metric p
different loss
lists also
frames whose
system easily
based comparison
manual classi
initial weight
enumeration approach
state f
unary trees
important knowledge
conceptual nature
consecutive english
infinitival relative
multilevel semantics
disambiguated word
5 uses
sg 0
herbrand models
occur without
scope relations
entire matrix
contain equal
conveys information
ary relations
single fact
right environment
world view
distance parameter
assignment probability
information abou
based hybrid
instances associated
translation search
start category
credit assigned
concept information
copestake 1999
meaning types
writing aids
assumption set
entity words
state definition
use java
wi 1
0 g
relevant novelty
relationship identification
const role
specialized features
implicit term
approximately half
simple first
appropriate use
classifier makes
deductive steps
proceeds top
called signs
existential nps
content delimitation
entity tracking
rule constituents
mit spoken
sentential complement
li et
litman et
quantitative aspect
early tests
judge similarity
significance groupings
automatic linguistic
formal systems
parse given
turkish treebank
quickly create
similar predicate
first builds
avoid sparse
representations based
ocr technology
semantic postprocessing
initial result
corpus resources
recognition since
conceptual vocabulary
squashing function
baseline achieves
korean text
language learning
general fertility
returns control
score matrix
temporal meaning
consequent phase
contain n
verb match
data held
syntactic bracketing
three sides
entropy principle
press agencies
different correlation
additional research
15 word
lexical realizations
particular coding
les langues
transfer would
relative productivity
novel research
broad classification
procedures associated
yield improved
large p
lesk measure
subtree frontiers
input events
mary jumped
lincoln laboratories
preprocessed text
gap length
experienced users
categorial semantics
latest flight
specific assumptions
let ac
extensions introduced
preceding phoneme
five papers
practice using
connecting phrase
runtime entries
stream 1
values assumed
test program
separate language
includes modules
araki et
utterance classification
luhn 1958
particles like
last change
concept compound
several pos
class consisting
magerman 1995
clause co
brother relation
language restrictions
control properties
vowel blend
existing reference
actions triggered
state includes
paragraph 2
monolingual features
ordered series
map history
techniques applicable
phrase used
wordnet database
development activity
latter rules
adjacent time
functions might
many disparate
subject change
flexible processing
logical variables
pairs called
texte est
100 clusters
aligning texts
reduced test
call c
newspaper headlines
using computer
iff r
briefly described
proof search
approach fails
referring noun
following classification
basic fcg
possible meanings
engines typically
cluster 4
morpheme string
common characteristics
scaling process
b means
alternative models
thus need
mother categories
features belong
term variations
tracking model
greater degree
small sampling
projects include
teaching programs
found errors
rules without
every patient
illustrate two
score semantics
tile dictionary
meaning lattice
anchor verbs
based technique
phrasal signs
tile tree
detection methods
constituent set
bound occurrences
simple nouns
font size
style parsers
drs contains
human dialog
red thing
complete system
preceding context
simple linear
student emotions
conjonction de
components except
phrasal structures
gpsg 85
task 1
see fass
first year
less domain
journal material
training item
toujours plus
conditional dependence
progressive verbs
coined words
mouse click
progressive tense
test takes
array containing
model pr
first mark
best values
growing concern
one performs
antecedent identification
restricted logic
induction algorithm
grammatical details
better approximations
efficient c
type form
graphical type
trees thus
iob representation
negative number
assigning function
free methods
focused sample
test tuple
simple kind
ai system
like l
immediate descendants
national bureau
higher salience
instances drawn
cases similar
words take
figure 32
translation pipeline
vbn caus
path values
proposition represented
participants may
id schemata
individual variable
side benefit
key observation
use bleu
constraints induced
larger area
vowel epenthesis
binary opposition
que max
ratio model
unlabeled document
grammar comprises
enough instances
nlp community
cohen 1960
point using
required actions
main aims
penn pos
bel x
cle parser
richer model
names etc
whole string
extensional semantic
value rather
alternative selection
constant variance
open world
pop arc
readings without
28 aout
clause pattern
direct object
parameters concerning
machine must
random text
graph shows
good indicators
current subanalysis
threshold level
processing computers
column lists
using cue
relative preference
symmetric word
word plu
produce classifiers
mean rate
first pre
coil lead
multiple character
following remarks
wall lights
online newspapers
synsets containing
subjunctive form
link feature
inverted document
extra training
argument graphs
la langue
mixture ssm
transformation post
citations retrieved
everyday usage
take words
comparison purposes
necessary means
note describes
statistical stemming
f2 data
statistical methods
use string
acoustic problems
mt model
also thanks
hyponymy tree
target axioms
gain metric
rewriting rule
underlying task
better chances
adjacent vertices
good overview
voutilainen et
several means
first tests
type entity
optimal strategy
1000 texts
presidential candidates
convenient approach
coercion operation
scale effort
two sources
considerable increase
building block
multimodal interfaces
input whose
concise set
matching user
frames paper
descriptive parts
important clues
n denote
defined functions
system ontology
tree conditioned
phase takes
rate among
function subject
structure beyond
learned results
causes two
global dependency
pair identifier
classifier approach
contextual condition
functional grammars
given message
type categories
nicoletta calzolari
multilingual task
corpora suitable
discourse uses
four analysts
whose surface
p l
17 muc
ace rdc
compound concept
important statistical
relevant n
customer wants
approaches since
wise agreement
require fewer
inquiry semantics
turquoise block
query translations
next approach
recognition data
zaenen 1992
resource description
weight could
successful task
represent feature
use lexicalized
program using
matthiessen 1983
registered words
sentences long
length bit
model class
objective time
formula schemata
tree pattern
information transmission
three exceptions
next state
modules perform
standard ccg
main word
derived phrases
ultimate goal
evaluation conference
complete words
bigram statistics
sentences aligned
montagovian semantics
time according
certain specifications
information written
assumptions underlying
final weights
frame requires
directly represent
typical training
project listen
syntactic correctness
section boundaries
system whether
definitions tend
acoustic units
sentence scope
coreferential expressions
related efforts
includes word
objective speech
sophisticated machine
act recognition
extended sense
method must
candidate according
warren weaver
offer useful
typing rate
basic formalism
two lms
matthiessen 1985
appropriate annotations
anaphoric chains
determining part
translation result
bdi model
longest prefix
dialogue models
ist das
include everything
temporal modifier
contained herein
child chains
second factor
null action
unary productions
third issue
useful addition
heuristic information
several unique
following lemma
constraints arising
model ph
normalization rules
textual parts
distributional data
alignment information
request concerning
logical scope
unique sentences
domain databases
ranking performance
sentence types
mixture gaussian
labeled words
defining verb
share certificates
quantitative performance
first estimate
production matches
used speech
modify existing
pairs f
topics relating
tile meaning
various predicate
bootstrapping progresses
dictionary extraction
simpler context
authors thank
changes location
one defines
derivation actions
answering session
recording condition
peter went
extended standard
counted correct
ibm 4381
grammar results
language associated
p complement
restrictive postmodification
practical situations
anaphoric relationships
many kinds
target distribution
tags alone
procedure relies
stack algorithm
like notions
10 examples
grammatical values
x generates
tool also
dowty 1982
positions 1
cause difficulties
des informations
study discussed
homophonic word
document words
munteanu et
selectional preference
e structures
tense information
developmental disorders
papers describe
axis denotes
computer databases
12 contains
replacement strategy
dimensional vector
b value
tile spelling
punctuation features
implicitly assumes
also input
typed human
original strings
iterative beam
zero corresponds
postcyclic transformations
means different
subcategorization probabilities
structure built
darpa news
mapping algorithm
stem rules
two triplets
audio comprehension
process 1
semantic graph
clue phrase
th words
persuaded john
skilled typists
optimal hypothesis
certain quantity
moving items
comparative sentences
scenario completion
different c
correct attribute
possible user
surrounding words
different antecedents
subjects must
letter generation
groups within
metric penalizes
learning engine
ltag parsing
set increases
english span
second implementation
equivalent mhg
minor exceptions
treebank analysis
teams used
acceptable answer
talk project
extraction tasks
new lists
two routes
features employed
words previously
metonymic reference
little difference
procedure associated
different cardinality
language particular
cannot attach
codes provided
component relies
semantic parameters
identify important
using hand
l ic
verification method
better relevance
establishing relations
larger documents
let l
values without
planet names
fairy godmother
postgraduate students
analysed constituents
collection site
error search
complete responses
class j
control architecture
features form
whose head
failed part
following notation
clause requires
new parsers
automatic rule
domain entropy
english fragments
1000 entries
embedded part
tree following
operate effectively
instance given
de profondeur
head bunsetsu
ranks answer
subcategorisation requirements
stem like
speech frequency
turn used
higher cost
constructor introduces
passing along
relational algorithm
searches domain
information essential
stronger weights
work achieved
morphological interpretations
class grammar
contains around
man years
sentence division
backoff scheme
initial block
request types
example corpus
subject matching
given iteration
column displays
nexus ii
document surrogates
induced tree
initial results
third view
purple one
cancer institute
text strings
difference concerns
gbmt engine
military domains
original pos
discourse conditions
definition presented
core sentence
wrapping operations
magic compilation
baseline tagging
art part
uk engineering
v c
lexical emphasis
formant transitions
separate paper
strictly data
analysis show
surface parsing
elements used
deterministic pushdown
sample bag
comparative predicates
incomplete edge
interface supports
correct weights
example approach
phase finds
standard flat
mechanisms required
old people
scoring conditions
overall frequency
translation divergences
primitive links
potential name
national research
category p
later project
biomedical text
listener assumes
proper word
chomsky hierarchy
tv newscast
issue involves
script capitals
grammar resources
direct correspondences
associated word
selected set
n ii
animal life
negative marker
parser simply
different cities
paraphrase corpus
mechanism produces
actual textual
event driven
parser analyses
speaking proficiency
trans feature
sentence a5
palmer et
improve coverage
donc de
index ben
elided entry
model achieved
verb infinitive
combined hmm
distribution data
idf values
john kissed
300 words
ambiguities cannot
web interface
tile nature
earley chart
central level
user specified
transition probabilities
2 alignments
transfer rule
contain primarily
patterns identified
manual knowledge
small dog
une simple
government principle
fourgram vectors
various facilities
prosodic form
e con
occurring pattern
le verbe
standard measures
reduction takes
matches tile
results achieved
q onto
theoretic sense
turned round
contexts used
server uses
linkage clustering
sire 1
structure planner
lexical distinctions
current classifier
annotated surface
interaction data
similar improvement
pairs described
null tone
also np
unclear cases
rough word
alignments per
particular event
bunsetsu identification
numerical feature
monolingual parsers
one portion
various taggers
problem setting
opaque operators
tile order
generates hypotheses
4 features
information rather
driven generator
stem variants
search phase
definition requires
function rather
planning domains
human indexing
basic grammars
task performed
next uses
1 pr
average recall
received label
boundary sequences
language presuppositions
language thesaurus
various universities
lynn webber
degraded speech
using noisy
articles containing
predicting user
therefore chose
ante npform
human assisted
something wrong
nuclear accent
discriminative function
construct analyses
verb expressions
considered sentences
high correct
constraints prevent
prosodic breaks
empty vp
respective discourse
model syntactic
novel combination
trees derivable
conjunctive analysis
derive meanings
un terme
significant problems
interpretive rule
add pair
ou l
verbs fall
template 1
means algorithm
three errors
crf models
determine precisely
wsd model
operators include
ternary branching
functional components
japanese noun
one chosen
inversion algorithm
sentences classified
position within
small pool
passage 2
preliminary evaluation
natural resources
travel expression
computing agents
nlp modules
nodes x
involves taking
words result
best decision
weak evidence
codebook vector
genia corpus
potential functions
two boundaries
support tool
larger structure
sequence grammar
descriptions provide
rules completely
partial accuracy
intention 1
5 clusters
chinese corpora
leftmost leaf
connected components
use small
subject ident
brown cat
chapter 5
atn parser
active set
tree context
dc metadata
generate text
preservation property
small grammars
perceptron algorithm
main example
subjective features
current cyclic
centric information
alignment position
act situation
describe later
use acoustic
one inch
e ground
immediate problem
best account
based terminology
0 consists
particular purpose
sounds like
new regular
creates three
b set
many attributes
cation result
basic difference
feature added
complex plan
specifications without
schwartz et
algorithm satisfies
local phenomena
line crossing
three quantifiers
algorithm taking
entity sequences
pivot alignment
congress leader
main model
e present
translation involving
entity related
sentence prosody
crossing edges
lexicon approach
labelling accuracy
strict typing
substring table
2 choices
null jective
counting cumulativity
crf trials
e difficult
syntactic collocates
preposition immediately
monroe domain
stemmed tokens
certain sets
lexicon state
attentional structure
innermost trees
cnf proofs
takes np
typical sequence
ct el
times would
input record
face interactions
june 1993
john sings
hessian matrix
dale 2000
probable roles
point decrease
chunking errors
immediate vicinity
internal components
induction phase
particle type
answer hypothesis
nsl system
previous cb
disambiguate partial
abstract tree
system one
situational characteristics
verb eat
first user
reduction rules
else f
selective error
indefinite reference
choice within
derivations allowed
four tokens
output back
terms represents
parser checks
input discourse
rate significantly
social group
lexical stems
corpus text
original contribution
generated corpus
9 let
small difference
relational interpretation
among components
206 sentences
equivalent tree
analysis tries
mapping function
text means
limited notion
symmetrised kl
multimodal parsing
data corporation
input variable
language choice
copestake default
minor errors
outstanding problems
also need
oviatt 1996
01 iv
concrete instances
21 features
free software
entailment judgment
make inference
tual information
good framework
swift et
growing amount
units without
school english
density hmms
basic indexing
relative cases
secondary stress
message text
reasonable response
adaptation scheme
exception dictionary
syntactic collocate
consiste en
adjunction occurs
task classification
belief updating
spurious surface
l state
linear algebra
atis results
parallel implementation
cooper et
form induced
korean queries
errors still
speaker id
whiteboard annotation
alternative alignments
lisp version
performance using
relational fdd
parse history
true mentions
reference transcript
random numbers
oriented applications
expression denoting
different paths
translation results
nouns taking
text extracted
slight edge
similar attempt
current interest
capitalization information
reordering patterns
plandoc system
following content
extracted contexts
several outputs
large effect
model probability
context symbols
system build
lexicogrammatical system
total co
reverse turing
special characteristics
john promised
50 summaries
stack beta
median length
provide grounds
top ontology
associated event
selected words
patterns seem
precedence ordering
lexicalized structures
associations derived
ownership relations
functional analysis
without punctuation
verb chunks
also interpret
slot content
example uses
experimental result
science articles
resource acquisition
approach extracts
sfc representation
order quantification
medical discharge
relationship would
test elements
summary information
digital telephone
preposition noun
previous articles
semantic verb
polysemous adjective
indexing mechanism
following minimal
advertising belongs
chinese pages
role ill
based taggers
speech researchers
w k
naive coders
un objet
pipeline systems
planning problems
functions fk
performance worse
slope values
operator corresponding
revision rules
john meets
allows comparison
maximum f
nominal part
assigning values
terminological processing
ebmt sub
dialogue procedure
commanding nps
constant k
target document
best pair
2 building
pair ix
minimum divergence
edge constraints
sentential adverbs
broken lines
e tasks
economic impact
level nodes
objects would
system responsible
optimal parse
sized corpus
animation subsystem
region may
cognitive load
cance level
conversion operations
unresolved ambiguity
acquisition work
four productions
text evaluation
term scores
path pair
phase line
including rules
word group
summarization method
apply rule
include prosodic
basic limitation
steps using
begin recording
salient information
satisfies c
international telephone
consequence state
bracketing constraint
design decisions
group li
structures encountered
using mesh
verb swim
lexical subject
annotations using
process without
generates different
assess progress
l th
tagging efforts
paradigm shift
functions must
rating process
uses documents
internal analysis
lexicon files
howard gregory
problem relies
hypothesis contains
expected utterances
preprocessing procedure
semantic justification
dowding et
noun sequences
project prin
project parser
learn rules
produce semantically
word uni
conditions apply
produces trees
contextual variations
either content
modifiee candidates
dictionary adaptation
overall utterance
actions a1
coordinate expansion
direct argument
variables range
original value
structure formalisms
classifier must
term coined
name identification
alternative choices
significant drop
small samples
classes rather
intended antecedent
discovered senses
scientific information
modules based
scope must
phonology attribute
versus 1
uses two
formalism enables
cle system
strong typing
12 lines
forms discussed
forced alignments
computational treatment
also rules
cell contains
schwa deletion
acts might
unsupervised parameter
time expressions
semantic vectors
translation resources
abstract meaning
sites used
pragmatic account
context effects
membership functions
a178 a24
markov states
general claims
whole number
a5 a7a112a107
b words
previous time
1100 sentences
another np
based asr
rooth et
mad cow
time increment
timebank data
v appears
used ill
basic components
preliminary experimentation
general semirings
current estimate
chinese stories
westminster dog
concerning word
small degree
ne density
particular conceptual
allowing words
information separately
next investigate
linear form
posited superordinate
previous speech
prosodic decision
use viterbi
style jewel
morphological recognition
widdows et
intensional model
possible connections
binding terms
latter class
descriptions using
components within
preference function
simple functions
dimensional document
case grammars
flat features
appropriate level
cepstral coefficients
several options
position a126
content within
kappa statistics
sentences got
language actually
six constraints
computer storage
main question
heap data
modifier sense
sufficient accuracy
use number
many steps
constraints relating
different projections
edited version
medline articles
quantificational scope
modeling technique
negative integers
mean number
auditory models
primary way
ocr program
greater increase
verbal interaction
made official
lexicon uses
fragment probability
global consistency
loopy belief
maximal termform
parser called
new pattern
incorporate features
whose roots
probability information
free feature
csr systems
ambitious project
cover basic
intended audience
propbank ii
loan bank
white et
scene direction
systematic evaluation
english documents
makes intuitive
c satisfies
annotation modularity
feature logics
labeled sequences
nouns collected
pure 3g
several others
relations ill
oriented research
interrupted utterances
updated context
stability classes
sequence instead
simple generalization
pronoun system
syntactic distribution
clustering component
intermediate nodes
rows give
shallow grammars
art form
tipster module
new thought
input statement
possible contents
possible revisions
de noms
15th conference
labelled edges
consultation systems
2 functions
pattern consists
normative models
whose key
fold reduction
kind may
root label
become available
child constituent
meaning representation
new goals
fields filled
possible tuples
previous segment
work properly
standard korean
obvious generalization
common objects
properly model
low salience
standard used
humorous examples
interesting possibility
ai approaches
good training
semiclustered lsa
st tokenization
biomedical data
planned future
attributes take
le verbs
10 split
redundant search
statistical feature
ce que
l mean
confidence scoring
single entries
approach differs
unique pairs
discourse inference
count statistics
parsing direction
john loves
de traduction
complex techniques
sizable number
preceding work
natural connection
kwok et
simple prosodic
improved parsing
four relations
successive applications
100 sentences
validation techniques
definition could
possible classification
local topics
incoming edge
construct called
target database
tree learned
rhetorical scheme
natural la
green bay
edward uses
imperfective paradox
facts describing
database results
morphological expansion
money expressions
practical dialog
valid instance
nouns tagged
network trained
states occur
2 n
structural composition
join paths
summer vacation
non empty
two histograms
system depend
phrase reordering
empty transitions
certain person
expected numbers
w 3
embedded categories
domain c
string could
like adverbs
coverage rather
uses structure
words results
transparent relationship
certain criteria
read material
adjustment rules
english analyzer
models assign
building text
base phrases
keyword features
word array
either singular
complex unit
underlying features
scale generation
spelling verification
template without
class agreement
4 draws
multiple characters
value category
tei p3
related operations
syntaxique du
brownian motion
sentences compared
2 bagar
order attribute
shared domain
cation results
ts dictionary
acceptable solution
automated inference
limited interest
coherence constraints
nonmonotonic rule
phone call
final average
cursory look
alice received
obvious direction
equivalent tag
basic analysis
abstract nature
principal advantages
state sequence
terms described
parent constituent
hana et
operator defined
domain needs
labeling function
imperative co
time implementation
conference center
highest relative
paradise applications
infix notation
smart stemmer
solving context
represent parts
performance limits
grammar become
le reste
coherence inferences
another tool
candidate pronunciation
3 pc
12 people
korean relative
computing p
capture dependencies
tv 1
morning ann
every subject
cas particulier
comparative predicate
frequent function
adequate way
unlexicalized grammars
highest association
inflectional groups
preliminary system
best analyzed
much difference
partially matches
sense dominance
display screen
clause constituent
level text
algorithm involves
broken plurals
penalty score
best ordering
additive operator
desu ka
patent texts
representation obtained
ordering method
answer parse
k 5
push arc
arcs cannot
city dialect
edges created
annotator could
generate data
2000 non
limited usefulness
original set
mention pairs
opinion topics
arc l
common similarity
signal acquisition
188 talks
abductive process
4 he0
stw accuracy
log energies
last rows
order types
model generation
errors occurred
step transfer
thank mary
grammars generate
prepositional complements
speech recognizers
weather events
assuming f
single example
english structure
productions must
2 constituents
monday morning
plan feasibility
best characterize
gram data
text processor
principal activity
mechanism used
processing laboratory
metaphorical utterances
oil wells
english tagging
see line
error results
classified sense
peuvent 6tre
helps avoid
isa links
lkb types
ne processing
items b
learning architecture
indistinguishability relation
error introduced
relation determination
million dollars
following transition
unfulfilled goals
makes choices
single model
paper presented
preference list
phone loop
basis upon
vp chunker
utterance 3
000 tokens
obl dir
12 list
hand figure
rule formats
memory load
john played
index vectors
dimensional principles
efficient execution
tokenizer program
respective elements
positional model
level lf
hilda noticed
key contains
inputs like
different backoff
type corresponding
canadian flag
verb complexes
choi et
total context
space v
interest among
apte et
technologies used
web directory
modules de
word tf
shows four
feedback method
entity feature
data strongly
inheritance also
find collocations
list sorted
syllable accuracy
timeout parameter
judith klavans
meet user
synset offsets
de rector
frame information
experimental results
domain allows
anaphoric information
strategy makes
form expression
centering principles
metaphorical language
semantics processing
missing elements
language test
surface coercion
strategy starts
neutral modules
conduct another
david scott
contiguous word
design questions
naive evaluation
relative terms
new phoneme
8 runs
text set
obvious possibility
semantic dop
lth nonlinear
particular suffix
adjacency lists
fixed text
late attachment
pattern marcher
voice dialogue
sun sparc
sentences convey
many publications
possible lemma
basic ontology
data augmented
giovanni guida
performance decrease
explicit inference
training involves
necessary role
consistent annotation
communicative meaning
original system
relation pair
grammar description
logic using
common contexts
verbs contain
feedback learning
input w
pattern matched
per group
gnome annotation
reasons similar
f0 maximum
established algorithms
like z
topological sorting
similar procedures
reference sequence
4 displays
noun hierarchies
head structures
syntactic prominence
third part
removing support
like v
global bushy
following chart
two tree
current user
paper requires
token e
realtors inc
since verb
using accuracy
probabilities might
lexicon must
col pus
word bonus
kernel kl
closest non
n f
html documents
rate obtained
understanding result
lemma 8
principles could
theorem 7
among segments
sister constituent
across domination
professional abstractors
corpus acquisition
exact time
new government
text fragment
remaining sections
constituent buffer
methodological considerations
linked word
cette classe
focus research
four state
new context
current cc
factoid answers
employ semantic
types including
perform discourse
seed verbs
propositions would
dictionaries containing
appropriate preposition
elegant solutions
relation identification
measure different
term represents
speci c
sentence representation
idiomatic word
6 k
count features
analysis tbr
one noun
negotiation phase
time intervals
function goto
significant terms
following figure
news collection
performed parameter
random trials
rank one
fragments per
across language
resumptive pronoun
strategy might
first classification
class labeling
greater generality
predicate constituents
input preferences
initial placement
random selection
voice editing
shallow components
word performance
several candidates
information explosion
first letters
model adopts
f could
previous mention
dialog policies
semantic systems
using fsgmatch
generate queries
expert approach
remaining nouns
genuine ambiguities
logical representation
sentence taken
grammatical differences
label assignment
labels derived
text system
good parses
argument words
introduction natural
presented methods
carlo algorithm
ceiling contractors
elimination step
segmentation adaptation
represent concepts
performing experiments
pos element
set phrase
inventory based
gendercheck editor
syntacti c
instances labeled
system meets
lnre models
canonical attributes
odds ratios
discourse act
words appropriate
interface works
path correlations
phenomena without
recent sentence
tiger lives
inflection class
another referent
flat lists
driver information
ner component
clause information
2b vi
spoken part
handles multi
without regard
log le
ungrammatical pauses
probabilistic fsa
attack victim
based reference
treatment allows
last chapter
old object
higher dimension
p v
source entities
double circle
one copy
tile different
avoids many
e sentence
sentence denotations
use 2
representation corresponds
term e
work undertaken
predicates involved
tile bilingual
makkan suras
approach contrasts
scheme distinguishes
significant fact
noise also
xdg grammar
stopword removal
absolute distance
constructed thesauri
specify elements
distinct bigrams
table indicating
joint development
compiled rules
three well
debugging features
covers one
nouveau consultant
allowing access
korean nouns
la plupart
candidates derived
set constructed
produces high
named disjunctions
essential characteristic
conceptual function
structural element
negative integer
extracted grammar
minister mori
dictionaries cannot
producing texts
node corresponds
original brown
labeler reliability
layout features
lower concept
full noun
support users
mor present
subjective judgement
normal n
toupie tournait
au plus
corpus queries
le retour
yield new
syntactical structure
thematic mapping
sentences b
construct sets
walkthrough message
tag dictionary
pronouns must
chain containing
v contains
semantic search
tag tree
appropriate translation
grant daal03
recognition equipment
classification dictionary
directional arguments
provide interesting
classification tree
deductive inferences
information comes
like algorithms
horizontal dimension
object j
approach provided
appropriate path
n sets
final design
judges labeled
research projects
major functions
fragmentary analyses
resulting fsm
system sees
indicators listed
filter set
upper subportion
third axiom
prosodic differences
graph density
approach looks
sense specification
un dictionnaire
john arrived
shafer model
contains segments
larger constructions
remove redundancy
une belle
information category
bit concerned
definitive answer
general message
text scanning
function category
disjoint sets
correct representation
many books
classifier phrases
object grammar
semantics necessary
proper suffix
per meeting
compatibility function
based semi
riloff et
spurious fills
natural lang
dag structure
node marked
pair p
predicted category
contain arbitrary
potential caveats
cb must
military bases
find sentence
tree information
plan motivating
bigram co
verb becomes
einen hund
one half
value provided
single question
lemma form
existing name
vector models
accented forms
whose size
zeytin yedi
daily life
importance function
darpa test
10 dialogues
tape square
match evidence
wfsa whose
use knowledge
rejecting service
models resulting
median threshold
mining tool
traditional analysis
another slot
german nouns
two meaning
graded essays
typical questions
11 sentences
hirst 1991
right corner
domain appears
wordnet senses
sequence labeling
represent possible
dialog partner
cnn transcripts
complete feature
acoustic segmentations
type defined
halliday 76
crossed dependencies
million training
null http
tion using
opposite conclusions
keyword lists
bbn parser
rhetorical effect
katz principled
shallow analysis
standard em
best voting
examples tend
set makes
human subjectivity
vocabulary based
corporate designator
ie processing
system understood
similar expressions
vertex labeled
like dutch
phonological levels
repair process
edited texts
relational grammars
specific algorithms
broek et
discussion threads
address space
common origin
languages provide
help users
known set
make sentences
always correspond
order means
metaphorical relation
cell counts
polite expression
different assumptions
exist within
text reads
let z
present report
points represent
general corpora
cognitive abilities
segments may
subsumption filter
shirai et
analyses must
poorer performance
xml query
alternative hypothesis
temporal coordination
let v
several levels
respective class
talk mechanism
dotted tree
tagged input
models created
grammar utterances
license agreement
thank john
methodological approach
specific node
local control
pipelined architecture
utterance refers
russian transliterations
combining outputs
dictionary size
move back
check rules
local feature
becket et
written materials
divergence constraints
mmr algorithm
42 tags
fait qu
p node
two triangles
lower ranking
alternating structure
detection capabilities
system builds
timing information
method mentioned
fundamental notions
distance features
data triage
curly braces
itg decoding
three problem
document feature
significant issues
context cluster
contextual analyses
german equivalent
eu citizen
much analysis
contextual cues
english pronouns
candidates within
find keywords
failure points
desired outcome
reference task
lfg corpus
system easy
sentential occurrences
english response
inthis case
design features
various procedures
empty head
panel discussion
contract ocg4423b
word meanings
hierarchical ontology
word base
dialogue strategy
component verb
worse performance
classical encoding
automated documentation
use dynamic
language clause
sense seed
control subject
desired content
many topic
fidelity term
preference values
car drank
informed decisions
particular composition
corpora manually
march 5
foreign origin
election campaign
town hall
miscellaneous names
case identification
sentences occurred
information maintained
lfg approach
ocean drilling
ambiguous nature
schema associated
van gogh
grammar language
one purpose
state 6
everyday language
kernel shift
tile algorithm
shifting parser
automatic run
dependent element
chosen document
cannot go
deduction systems
set might
hundred dollars
zag helpen
nondeterministic process
independent portion
standard corpora
closely bound
plausibility measure
compositional model
effect observed
clusters using
type literals
per left
unexpected inputs
positive counts
different transformations
phrases specified
corresponding position
management speaker
topic stack
biggest problem
structural configuration
certain sequence
elements contain
salient umts
organization may
optional constraints
predicate goal
elements occur
asked question
whose distance
despite differences
parser currently
caseframe algorithm
explicit encoding
expert uses
one a102a104a103
future evaluations
child x
produce multiple
davidson 1967
input attributes
user perceptions
translation lsr
naive set
knuckle arm
level data
expression consisting
corresponding output
25 questions
textual module
term sets
te bi
chunking problem
appropriate referents
using cluster
following theorem
two tag
character codes
difficulties posed
training iterations
system throughput
inverse search
des cas
syntactic database
three inputs
married yesterday
natural utterances
erroneous parts
name would
cyk chart
acts must
developed grammar
biomedical semantic
lexical alignment
tricolor dags
children saw
initial utterances
affixed strings
seven days
derived predicate
repair occurred
three bigrams
categories tend
parallel structures
representation proposed
unmarked case
6 figure
processor machine
degree expression
next act
wfst composition
expression plan
opinionhood determination
weak learner
formal text
links using
method estimates
tanabe et
canonical syntactic
path would
lists could
using altavista
subject verbs
connector description
possible content
semantic weight
mcroy 1992
many clauses
procedural level
without restriction
command languages
executing schemas
directly governs
minor problem
component vectors
sequential tagging
headword trigrams
global matching
example phrases
residual error
reference decisions
use template
transducer whose
specific attributives
larger datasets
outstanding issues
public figures
verb combines
system performance
daughter nodes
clauses contain
identical scores
stage cannot
average precision
base component
instantiated event
handle full
future works
verbs formed
various subcorpora
similar pronunciation
trie data
two order
alignment links
retrieved result
boolean variables
lexical paraphrases
nl query
average expected
entropy technique
speech compared
first glance
rules define
natural language
syntactic principles
100 pairs
ambiguities caused
potential explanation
class citizens
occurring information
verb structures
different l
concept number
initial language
months later
ili clusters
pashto speaker
et pour
swap distance
yahoo acquired
locality windows
john leaving
particular characteristics
understanding results
search starting
structures specify
key translation
nominal reading
two dozen
per year
modifier head
optional prepositional
top group
fn data
two interfaces
local perplexity
use clues
antecedents would
exists two
1 correction
achieve satisfactory
retrieval metrics
substitution mechanism
qa application
new request
relations present
meaning code
ltag formalism
birds normally
fillmore 1968
vq distortion
single recognizer
right entry
content sharing
integrated set
alignment literature
ratio r
drawing mode
captures local
straightforward cases
johni likes
narrative section
incoming message
node action
five samples
weight attached
distance away
possible determiners
reduction achieved
user background
text understanding
challenging aspects
carries information
extracted dictionaries
resulting parameters
grammar acquisition
graphic forms
two modifier
stylistic rules
system tests
ie process
cftg g
striking resemblance
specific lexicalisation
schema declaration
features defined
probabilities based
left end
recent publication
data suggests
third form
steps 0
feature characters
framework employed
processing resource
corpus relative
measure respectively
close second
multiple speakers
command path
selecting translation
jia zheng
key notions
generate semantic
dependency constraint
following grosz
intermediate data
optional right
syntactic signatures
general procedures
ask another
incomplete expressions
many references
whnp 0
radio broadcasts
easily change
complementary case
linguistic variability
part identifies
classification tag
degraded mt
adjunct domain
transformation r
subjective opinions
high agreement
different complement
future iterations
sentence candidates
pushdown automaton
rule shows
discourse component
scale application
brill 2001
monotonic operations
lexical error
consecutive sequence
sentence matches
tokens must
object instead
roughly parallel
grammar signature
adverbial function
null tions
syntactic filter
words become
combining words
updated information
trees like
sequence containing
disambiguation techniques
one practical
unpruned model
burger king
certain requirements
independent concepts
various expressions
statistical patterns
webber 1983
languages using
house belongs
string position
kim bought
based oil
prep noun2
marsh 1984
searchhead message
pragmatic properties
one module
topic according
multiple gold
common attribute
scoring sentences
level queries
next source
multiple contexts
corpus selection
string output
natural numbers
dependencies arising
cial test
remain accessible
task 3
identification heuristics
intel pentium
vowel production
word edges
classification among
strategy implements
like semcor
bar levels
five components
customization tools
tile interpretation
factors lm1
correct definite
used domain
feature configuration
unedited texts
15 characters
missing steps
interface level
tile product
overall processing
two matrices
contrastive type
reverse dictionary
measure function
uses smoothed
high performing
medical professionals
standard bigram
current contents
fragments produced
shelf systems
arabic lexicon
research contracts
spoken form
cant impact
back text
relevant concept
define f
important lesson
message selection
allows machines
dialogue goal
differing levels
avoid including
unlimited variety
coherent meaning
applied nlp
powerful grammar
word modifiers
assembling meanings
art approach
absolutely nothing
lacks one
ldoce genus
selected newspaper
000 proper
rules c
literal ones
pos assignment
finding answers
loose precision
automatic multilingual
vowel changes
john believes
independent aspects
linguistic expression
single chain
observed distributions
rows represent
modified lexicon
success story
le terme
functional group
embedding tree
model application
necessary assumption
graph derived
containing sentence
carlo sampling
pragmatic reason
reichman 1985
new constituent
since search
word 1
exceptionality measure
whose length
greedy nature
file used
defined concept
proposed strategies
resulting test
publication dates
verbal tenses
public health
build efficient
cased words
preceeding text
single morphemes
common types
different notions
shortest distance
bigram context
dependencies without
negative indicator
maximum sequence
contain arguments
ren j
list made
wrong interpretations
immediate goals
escape method
representational scheme
every alignment
body consists
rather noisy
corresponding patterns
string x
catalan numbers
based subcategorisation
default assumptions
common techniques
program named
graph b
grand total
prediction may
dialogue concerns
generated phrases
implement two
several domains
construction method
semrel paths
final disambiguation
studies mentioned
test runs
alleviate problems
tile function
word material
dependency informations
likelihood approach
simple instance
control programs
corpus may
recursion cycle
duration model
home row
dialogue cost
distinctive cues
human labor
rules use
representation formalism
stylistic variants
correct candidates
raises two
pos filter
nesting property
introductory courses
ont des
possessive nouns
sentence dependencies
corpus first
novel framework
systems exploit
additional anchors
final part
context items
pinyin mapping
main element
interlingua structure
preceding string
12 classes
hearer h
compelling evidence
bilexical dependency
extensive bibliography
class matches
name field
rhetorical moves
greater performance
nominal relations
interactive operations
expert must
alternation possibilities
semantic categorization
english syllable
method utilizing
unrestricted domains
gesture symbols
message may
numbers reported
valid arguments
taking turns
normalized feature
incorrect boundaries
drives well
la coordination
e needed
across models
hedging cues
parsers cannot
parsers produce
knowledge present
logical dependencies
method produces
syllable count
25 features
text access
linear recency
precision indicates
translation scenario
combine many
alternative parse
generic concepts
summanzauon program
earliest stages
fair chance
english constructions
argument sequences
domain contains
generate target
combine words
generalization property
canned phrases
binary infix
delinite descriptions
air force
cluster represents
mechanisms work
decrease retrieval
unique match
tutoring corpus
annotator judged
information pertinent
story grammars
enough structure
agreement scores
sense profiles
monolingual retrieval
text unigram
maximal types
important piece
cb2 3qg
theoretical evaluation
w appears
version produced
two observations
segmentation boundaries
every query
area within
junction trees
every speaker
filtering procedure
annotation results
define sets
initiative interaction
parameters optimized
observed surface
plural disambiguation
first item
high average
research may
text levels
require two
domain level
random choices
simple explanation
finie par
object link
various implementation
indicate strong
called situation
adapted grammars
slot insertion
individual topic
structures often
pronoun assumption
best explain
equations obtained
uses bayesian
expression types
past tensed
left graph
k parameters
summary extracts
system allow
general expressions
arabic stem
characters like
span labelling
semantic triples
multimodal dialog
unless x
since arabic
transcription algorithm
candidate structures
representing documents
governing predicate
asr lattices
type play
individual parse
total information
omitted predicate
significant regularities
badler et
tool could
satisfactory answers
event time
information requested
gorin et
explicit sentences
place us
frequencies method
instructional feedback
analyzer module
lexical category
entities associated
salience information
usually finds
given datr
several facts
rules allows
total token
crucial steps
object agreement
unsupervised paraphrase
val arg
sentence increases
form pole
every error
key file
functional aspect
extract dependency
language search
drank milk
word plays
summarization test
long parse
news wire
error description
decipher tm
two disjunctions
intrinsic semantics
boolean lattice
combine syntax
preferred option
entire cluster
john decided
publications organizations
achieves superior
iob tagger
fluf formalism
ce contexte
null using
user support
stem generation
comparative experiment
figure 5b
two worlds
strategy must
underlying goals
jesuit priests
usual problems
relation would
scheme gives
lexicon encoding
use tile
nonverbal behaviors
applied machine
framenet information
z stands
pedagogical purposes
2 plots
set based
main characters
noun terms
coherent order
polarity feature
candidate actions
several individual
early trading
total work
annotated ne
definitions generated
particular effect
type inference
inferred plan
trigger language
integrated syntax
tom said
les oranges
locative expressions
possible transition
prime candidate
learning work
stacking mechanism
unpredictable ways
topic pages
generation methods
earlier part
functions mentioned
english counterparts
lingua franca
weighted constraints
next component
relative word
2 gigabyte
performance depends
component systems
overall process
line 2
english translator
formal relationship
space required
criteria adopted
appropriate values
individual clauses
next sentences
string patterns
relies exclusively
mike collins
inside values
3 performance
short story
parallel tasks
news event
strong dependencies
class disambiguation
resolve correctly
interlingua unl
neighbor words
expansion paths
arg1 argument
best rule
evaluation value
importance values
black bmw
ms l
new information
full specification
yael ravin
empirical knowledge
order representation
japanese orthography
generalization tree
retrieved documents
validation study
supply additional
learned models
article de
central frame
perfect results
therefore take
factoring recursion
theune 1999
relevant prior
presented examples
lattice input
rich grammatical
wiebe 1992
class part
knowledge domain
flavor project
katz 1995
statistical aspects
case reduces
concept 2
language development
rhetorical similarity
using terminology
target grammar
briefing generation
likely pos
interact directly
june 2006
rule generating
sentence body
update function
abstract algorithm
p g
incorrect punctuation
smallest training
syndicat particulier
second benefit
significant gaps
valuable data
j u
network creation
distribution functions
retrieval queries
designated word
several problems
frequency new
method measures
combines three
two multisets
uncertainty language
particular configuration
accurate parsing
three oov
semantic predications
two rightmost
premodified nps
conditional words
organized discourse
opaque contexts
type associates
sub relations
formal data
ordering graph
one mappings
parser predicts
bank annotations
indexing units
node representing
provide e
structures needed
world corpus
perceived task
regularised standard
one seed
potential gain
acoustic model
topic profile
vocabulary entries
extract instances
good things
les faits
values c
taking notes
template generator
definite anaphora
phrases occurring
output system
accurate hypotheses
explore information
wsd experiments
global structure
talisman system
intentions 2
maintaining accuracy
resolution heuristics
text directly
19 classes
overt pronouns
f x
constructive solutions
conceptual difference
5 items
student needs
see allen
performance figures
biomedical proposition
class code
bilingual units
propositional knowledge
word deletions
two parsing
accessibility path
structural similarity
learn successfully
left dislocation
probabilistic tagging
memory whether
technical aspects
relations already
v2 parameter
expression a5
information checks
top performance
building semantic
ordering parameters
negative errors
state power
full wsj
world state
news wires
like entities
add empty
function checks
extract long
time requirement
sigmoid belief
english vowels
system user
total precision
target speech
natural endpoint
mdl method
novel training
english datasets
procedure begins
expressions need
following preprocessing
practical differences
strategy officer
two hypotheses
material presented
chinese garden
overall idea
ee constraints
specifications define
take profit
general implementation
fu lee
keypad entry
weak c1
medium frequency
000 term
edible fruit
current notation
representing structure
include news
state features
outside source
let vi
grammar models
default translation
state also
required parameters
pcfg defines
ordinary sentences
several units
verb particles
additional assumptions
seed tuple
location dictionary
4 gb
process yielded
glr parser
syntactic probabilities
cp framework
items share
flexible input
minnen covariation
suhm et
passive auxiliaries
nonliteral usages
based pronunciation
carletta 1996
system 1
description elements
resulting clause
integrated understanding
ho yu
change topic
inch long
answers whose
constituent terms
small group
face mode
emission function
la phase
pos contexts
rule templates
sentences thus
various networks
sample results
labeling disagreements
suffix boundaries
incorporate context
preprocesso r
sequential ml
morphological systems
emotional class
internal cohesion
tipster configuration
human face
publication 17
nonsense word
roots extracted
database language
level semantic
article texts
ne groups
conceptual indexing
input goal
fifth level
vp ellipsis
larger discourse
weighting model
reverse order
differenced power
translation relation
aligning parallel
bayesian hybrid
saturation instructions
descriptions depends
scientific literature
target segment
constructive comments
original assumption
detailed research
marcel proved
texts describe
usual cases
hierarchical finite
semantic resources
h la
6 demonstrates
please fill
create different
multimodal grammars
communicator data
tagging assigns
capture relations
3 rd
orthogonal inheritance
following iterations
parent string
examples point
words likely
every category
svo triples
expectation parser
conditional responses
inference strategies
informative features
initialization time
features play
rules appears
linguistic research
18 words
intelligence communities
many constraints
best least
wh x
ovals represent
syntaxique des
figure 6b
conducting experiments
level labels
corpus mainly
bc able
tense peak
substantial resources
basic notion
setting action
example sentences
additional transformations
hypernym density
small town
adhoc query
tree cap
grammatical rule
table recognition
adjacent categories
communication time
decreasing accuracy
n parses
decomposition structures
data flows
attentional discourse
label j
second sentence
improved quality
merge together
lexis relations
theory like
output words
value definition
within turns
independent mechanisms
regis extended
nodes 2
category variables
propositions hold
split nodes
potential influence
examples 11
documents refer
local patterns
combination systems
though none
level may
initial models
study concerning
example mentioned
linked chain
one p
type symbols
chains algorithm
log likehoods
essay assessment
meta system
algorithm attempts
conventional trigram
two papers
linear dependent
communicative tactics
better matching
local parts
paraphrase sentences
u g2
action frames
structures via
state expecting
demonstrate robust
occurrence pattern
pages 25
perplexity 1000
spectral domain
erroneous word
entropy taggers
simulation 1
webmt system
botanical anatomy
rule instances
good typist
useful documents
related actions
document parts
several cases
approach includes
generation approaches
monadic second
kana words
english writing
a49 a14a71a1
senses per
base pairs
linguistic variations
2 reports
stored rules
difficult language
trigger relation
transitive sentence
character abbreviations
evaluation set
first transition
homograph ambiguity
text buffer
singular nominative
large pos
specified threshold
every teacher
mixed context
string a1
improve pronoun
deictic anaphora
task needs
creating text
operations correspond
ittycheriah et
reference features
third author
describes whether
experiments along
tree rate
last month
verbs containing
chinese mt
syllable type
reference also
identify named
time passes
similarity formula
tense marker
combined set
vision research
analyse text
grammar distinguishes
target senses
simple classifiers
context since
initial trials
natural selection
certain things
set de
organization name
optimal subset
celles qui
model 0
proximity distributions
link added
initial selection
one intention
effective feature
given tasks
message zoner
style patterns
system believes
conversation fragments
intermediate semantic
certain questions
point worth
cmu statistical
consider e
base predicate
database whose
topic expressions
systematic review
eat banana
hypothesis seems
threshold g
relation expressed
feature similarity
new position
corpus parsed
alshawi 1987
network database
constructions containing
cance score
ode sense
kernels used
graphical actions
second aim
knowledge already
climbed aconcagua
winds blew
average bleu
words whose
equivalence transformations
recognize instances
h 11
question whether
predicational structure
combines various
network used
inflected verb
little performance
usual phrase
trivial set
page containing
mbr decoder
method r
308 test
average rate
computing similarity
experimental language
subsumption check
som algorithm
conceptual components
utterances intended
rules etc
30 msec
crossing measure
hearer understand
dominance relationship
component applies
condensed version
using type
verb collocations
120 seconds
appropriate classes
text including
seem easy
incremental addition
lexical distinction
denys duchier
cfg based
student turn
relative duration
four phrases
adl gazetteer
assigned values
extractive summarizer
thousand dollars
sentences share
first chart
null ample
technique involves
basic classifier
interval bar
word classification
lexicon component
feb91 test
simply computes
identical sets
bilingual phrase
complete collection
within chunks
input sample
hypothesis score
attention space
ig b
centered activities
performance alone
analyzer recognizes
domain translation
models give
verbs cannot
evaluation system
expectation evaluation
disparate sources
artificial concepts
nition sentences
two efficient
observation counts
nelimarkka et
presents information
one default
coherent regions
radical departure
efficiency problems
thought whales
ltag analysis
called verb
also runs
appropriate object
scoring pairs
original newspaper
fields contain
ontological relations
explicitly incorporates
human performance
suitable equivalent
fields occur
potential relevance
af nity
verb heading
generic noun
internal tests
aspectual verbs
action frame
punctuation information
bright light
derived semi
context affects
cannot influence
latter application
bidirectional chart
category attribute
hypothesis node
occurs 7
order definite
arc frequencies
last daughter
3 deg
unique expressions
forming questions
headline word
classifier produces
whose restriction
utterance shown
discourse predicate
enables easy
fluent speaker
competing representations
conference articles
nuclear tonic
appropriate frame
measuring accuracy
argument feature
computer translation
grapheme segments
generation lexicons
potential arguments
isi rewrite
extracting protein
cut criterion
use pointwise
rhetorical plan
sir chris
maple trees
consider f
complete presentation
perform syntactic
lexical pragmatics
current content
special types
quantifier binds
heuristic knowledge
relation rule
score point
jjv fill
microelectronics test
person sing
bytes long
karta karaka
probabilistic extension
presents work
15 speakers
preference ordering
restrictions must
est qu
entry type
reading skills
knowledge usually
speakers could
word forest
separate topic
generated sentences
left clause
references used
candidate modifiees
via text
treebank 1
inference task
seneff tina
useful structure
virtually anything
covariance matrix
qualitative relations
user action
kernel values
simple concept
separate parse
arises naturally
positions c
produce complex
versus 3
reduced description
process reveals
minimal pairs
sets instead
design goals
truth values
term sequence
perspective point
citation function
ambiguous attachments
short article
surface analysis
existing instance
distinct phenomena
lexical heads
comparative expressions
diagram type
learning ability
job offer
sports ontology
anaphoric links
current item
model show
texts supplied
robust algorithm
description solver
constraint must
make claims
particular objects
longer match
many web
sounds using
qa tracks
believe ocp
utility effects
category types
pattern 4
query type
party meetings
categorization process
space consists
generating articles
complex dependencies
domain counts
includes objects
formed derivation
results show
dialectal arabic
fundamental algorithms
phrasal verb
john probably
flexible tool
semantic functor
adaptation techniques
similar structures
lexical analyses
method used
connectives may
commonsense inferences
row number
lexical cues
since results
appealing property
standard interface
relevant templates
translation models
subjective adjectives
structures underlying
sentences apart
utterance contains
july 1996
initial target
nom ou
third corpus
armored vehicle
word limit
value predicted
dialogue anomalies
text problems
future interpretation
corresponding annotated
disappointing results
6 iterations
alternative way
process needs
platonic ideals
positive node
former involves
segmentation dictionary
acceptance lexicon
need human
units allows
vp rules
return false
verbal root
intelligent conversational
return either
heavy smokers
separate clauses
semantic reasons
correct names
end points
strings accepted
evaluation words
third approach
language usage
baseline procedure
input clauses
generation software
without modifications
exploits lexical
wi appears
bu hui
semantic nodes
system tools
utterance level
complex part
include arguments
learning programs
third state
clustering experiment
element belongs
collocations contain
percentage points
aussi que
slice k
skilled translators
performing speech
inflectional rules
york times
occurrence relationships
second answer
proper assignment
basic performance
input window
c respectively
position tags
average speaker
normalised scores
surface arcs
corpus building
retrieval may
backchannel response
parsers usually
state parsers
french syntax
analysis tree
agenda rules
financial securities
distinct methods
iterative design
accurate algorithm
dou nat
earnings reports
mathematical sense
let gi
translation selection
une propri
parser decisions
two terminal
15 minutes
time efficiency
unary predicates
unambiguous ones
semantic connection
north bulgaria
confirmation prompts
possible use
framework correctly
hypothesis states
sets formed
participating system
null classifier
daughter relation
rules shown
association network
one judge
5 covers
sentence units
identification using
discontinuity connectives
occurrence context
chinese domain
sentence extractor
phoneme recognition
uses discourse
damage estimates
encoding schemes
reduce data
precision neighbor
arpa csr
original policy
classical predicate
weather attributes
trivial words
positive emotion
critical area
slot level
function definition
efficient algorithms
underlying intuition
simple ranking
depend crucially
location modifier
acoustic recognizer
uses variable
see kameyama
le dictionnaire
trigger models
learning phases
top sizes
spoken corpus
air base
creole object
removed text
tree readings
bigram information
r j
pk corpus
resulting search
data prior
whatever value
net provides
work every
small performance
perform segmentation
believes x
variable v
involving time
numerical scoring
new construct
ranked sentence
inherent properties
finite non
noun ends
acceptable accuracy
also adopts
noun referring
individual constraints
represent mappings
car part
lambda variable
original transducer
use include
kaplan 1979
anaphoricity classifier
way forward
nonmonotonic inheritance
task evaluations
cityu corpus
sequent f
involving speech
viterbi path
previous ones
memory using
decision trees
planning model
clitic doubling
target scf
rank swaps
edit distance
a0 n
r grammar
many standard
specialized patterns
c function
action pair
syntactic grammar
b terms
metaphoric uses
deng ji
deficiency rate
ranking correlation
account factors
process allows
material could
special pos
method obtains
p consists
final stage
time already
content planning
access strategy
appropriate pair
language id
70 verbs
subsequent use
course quite
top microphone
interesting challenges
incoming bdu
character strings
edict file
typical pattern
pairs produced
conceptual ontology
design requires
terms per
normal way
plausible reasoning
graph rewriting
describes one
elementary grammar
source token
disambiguation mechanism
inserting words
information includes
temporal adverbials
engineering department
conclusive results
open command
language results
pair similarity
bulgarian academy
causal connector
rules contains
factors may
reasoning problems
meaning relations
level abstractions
known facts
false negative
formal semantic
cooccurrence dictionary
instruction generation
world must
process 10
template c
identifiers corresponding
english discourse
likely set
entire trec
quantifier logic
model tries
incorrect meaning
entity noun
2004 poster
provide criteria
null course
simple relevance
action identification
phrase candidate
flexibility level
central station
reliable rules
complex morphology
generate n
neighbour set
communicative function
image data
explicit instruction
reference lists
assigned classes
correlational indices
relationship holds
qualitative approach
e incident
auxiliary definitions
proposes two
repetitive texts
parameter specifications
period type
unmasking approach
guarantee efficient
clauses containing
words coming
np corpus
serious problems
e verb
low frequency
model distributions
robust interpretation
ram ne
parsers employed
problems due
available thesaurus
used machine
particular contexts
predicate constraint
high disambiguation
reading knowledge
specific computational
inflectional variants
oriented framework
use square
bracketing process
woz experiments
simultaneous substitution
untagged text
subject referent
basis distributions
strict reading
priority scheme
compound analyzer
x represents
serial nature
accepting paths
oriented summarization
participating words
risk factor
three phenomena
cell assemblies
key node
temporal analysis
elementary unit
elements cannot
texts per
negative reviews
two evaluators
better structure
adjoining grammar
metadata sets
possible resumption
middle context
slots whose
categories since
pragmatics components
correctness score
although precise
estate domain
31 times
categorial type
martha pollack
b max
sentence 22
using reference
formalism discussed
produce two
common representation
polysemic words
classification algorithm
several terms
computer file
introduce additional
rank 1
drama scenes
proof may
taxonomies extracted
transcript analysis
feature inclusion
generation examples
property selection
texts glossed
100 pages
algorithm improves
gains come
sentence reading
ace task
single database
effect results
discovered categories
vocabulary recognizer
hard pattern
3 sessions
corpus n
scenario templates
held belief
choosing anaphoric
incomplete structures
national institutes
dependent variables
tasks within
process took
phone word
counts correlate
next instruction
using rdf
major news
red ball
preparatory step
use section
two ambiguities
ambiguous interpretation
letter roots
version presented
possible insertion
story segments
model consisted
pure cfg
v pres
frame number
form represents
environment available
suffix tree
database models
rhetorical techniques
insertion tasks
special means
psychological models
kay 1979
languages show
grammar specifically
bayesian subnetwork
constituent ends
contextual parameter
known problems
seem unlikely
variable node
x e
two languages
basic meanings
reduced vowels
du sujet
method brings
certainly worth
clearly l
redundant utterances
feature variables
action successful
tile degree
ultimate potential
encompass several
sumtime project
useful extension
second annotator
various structures
qua le
probabilities trained
existing method
represent p
rule establishes
library classification
window would
also restrict
stages 15
clauses cannot
traditional left
care system
truth classes
ming zhou
clustering procedures
scheduling task
take word
cmpt 110
word hypothesizer
user aware
many generalizations
language resources
tests succeed
third uses
adjacency information
understanding language
parameter e
peter sitting
proof editors
similar orthographic
different score
cation models
cannot follow
noun word
greedy algorithm
score since
dialog management
unification described
forms exist
different algorithms
restrictive setting
ontology design
extraction systems
semantic text
repeating words
000 phrases
analog information
purpose rules
multivariate bernoulli
introduce entities
type identified
descriptive qa
either terminal
three methods
le et
unstressed pronouns
authors make
duration distribution
initial alignments
output sequences
economy fa
il fait
type predicates
form e
different filtering
sentence accent
poses additional
stochastic transducers
average category
induced grammars
difference occurs
incremental robust
phoneme given
se mantic
property may
14 variables
learning rate
est de
request intentions
second recognition
non voyell
managing multiple
different node
predicates could
wordnet taxonomy
different schemes
proposed features
minimal type
algebraic systems
following situations
stage machine
freedom allowed
clarification subdialogue
multilingual retrieval
simple look
value higher
expression representation
cellular phones
sentence phrase
content tags
tagger takes
recent history
parse since
attempt fails
expectation system
edge b
example pairs
provide training
question using
either shift
n denotes
vient de
values shown
assembly language
pragmatic distinctions
different trigrams
online information
extension step
patent document
left untagged
successful retrieval
1 bit
kifou kong
1 show
simple addition
word stream
insufficient evidence
makes inferences
place deicfics
whose parsing
temporal ontology
expression mechanism
royal institute
embedded phrases
hayes 1981
contiguous characters
focus marking
x dominates
smaller percentage
syntactic senses
tbl method
perform specific
process appears
adding synonyms
subjects learn
tag bi
new signal
time setting
discourse treebank
syntactical ambiguity
spelling recognition
extra context
syntactic triple
integrates virtual
normal constraint
paraphrase pairs
filter transducer
possible evaluations
look rather
error models
head via
tag ambiguities
subsequent turn
mahesh et
syntactic attachment
es du
identify sources
synonym clusters
greatly increases
challenge task
0 category
deeper nodes
autistic persons
current chart
identical training
two function
cognitive roles
immediate consequences
man walked
model theory
standard modal
valid derivation
phrases obtained
poor reading
2 q
tag languages
mercer smoothing
cette phrase
gradient based
given keywords
dcg notation
user know
expensive ones
provide open
arcs corresponding
italian verbs
bof model
similar tasks
prefix probability
objective criterion
grand jury
probability 2
grounding tempo
need axioms
independent specification
grammars created
conscious decision
appropriate ordering
auf der
prior work
extreme points
different frequencies
processing system
transliteration information
celerissimo de
hidden layer
sharing scheme
category members
dictionary parsing
csr data
examples found
incorporate information
corrective indirect
neutral element
tailored towards
new string
product line
specific phrasal
matrix tree
second expansion
pruning techniques
syntactic alternative
target dialects
substitution units
automatic english
scientific knowledge
becomes zero
rare names
four component
subset containing
previous entity
typing errors
collective distinction
first involves
user ratings
directed translation
conversion method
grammar gives
time depending
feature normalization
analysis among
four sentences
handle phenomena
simple modification
later stage
published result
central properties
turkish sentence
memory limits
frequency forms
several issues
directed path
improved analysis
actual english
possibl e
sentence relations
derivational phenomena
alpino data
weinstein 1995
typical context
constituent word
lexieal entry
salton et
translation procedure
statistical module
bilingual version
conjunction must
symbol occurrence
previous categories
compute similarities
particular plan
models combined
correct phrase
specified input
minimal improvement
known cases
natural disasters
synthesis task
syntactic basis
since nodes
candidate keywords
following interpretation
philip resnik
questions per
skeletal tree
verbal prepositional
verb often
grammar building
representative terms
sentence makes
farabundo marti
plink parser
major influence
timex recognition
much performance
logical relations
adjacent matrix
automatic scores
general magazine
produce appropriate
last line
individual sense
optimization criteria
lapel microphone
feature specifying
different states
fragment extraction
ewm though
pair consisting
functions used
disambiguation routine
meaning proper
three valves
constructions require
additional grammatical
assigning non
n questions
agreement criteria
merge stack
actual scores
based structures
named foo
convention allows
subject line
entries whose
alphanumeric database
many forms
surface one
build grammars
sentence clustering
unification framework
e ort
previous answers
wrong verb
classifier used
content selectmn
feature types
see suri
appropriate argument
following path
pattie de
nonmonotonic unification
search performance
tail end
discourse stack
paramax muc
exclude non
multimodal subcategorization
123 degrees
grammar constitutes
repairs tend
surrounding noun
paradise framework
building functions
paradigmatic relation
passes back
minimal calculus
feature weights
useful technology
average number
list data
competing links
order domains
recognition engines
binarizable split
unresolved anaphoric
ni age
mei guo
system completely
self group
four binding
econtent professionals
generating indirect
across constituents
parameter sets
left picture
target transfer
approach provides
line defaulting
rst style
relative lexical
dependent unit
finding translations
actually decreases
david hays
sensitive translation
previous nlp
object taxonomy
layer network
6 sums
states depending
based srl
equivalent grammars
sentence voice
assistant may
four possibilities
parser coverage
system pauses
annotation scenario
empathy verb
relations via
refined method
researchers also
existing concept
simplest algorithm
distance could
form proofs
start problem
map semantic
form sets
relation generates
offline representation
state goals
discount constant
features identified
three topics
tests associated
parse data
program trading
annotation language
parameters might
interactions among
result might
conll data
answering domain
sentence might
evaluations carried
voicing assimilation
chinese sentence
enough input
separate dimension
special demands
affix combinations
consider training
aligning articles
representing events
categories found
aux verb
includes variables
typed interface
briefly presented
harmony ordering
mitchell et
documents according
two phase
lance ramshaw
page 8
avoid accidental
research hypothesis
direct expression
extract single
mentions within
changing rules
whose definitions
original terms
boundaries automatically
via queries
whose parent
small sizes
phone model
level functions
cff system
class relations
reasonable strategy
american business
variable occurrences
royal netherlands
improvements obtained
britannica corpus
1 depends
sentences averaging
chinese phonemes
lc matches
whole image
object changes
best run
representing vowels
attachment choice
recognizing speech
hand boundary
a92 a7
translated documents
la grammaire
significant collocates
examples generated
found examples
systems today
case base
difference compared
complete event
sophisticated morphological
written version
structure feature
separate constraints
interlingual acceptions
structure examples
weighted head
electronic corpora
subsequent iterations
indefinite determiner
chain approach
flow graph
input constraints
feature lattice
final binary
metonymy resolution
morphologic lexicon
early iterations
indexing term
pronouns refer
state space
method captures
jia sak
form described
use back
final corpus
actually output
intrasentential antecedents
flush toilet
supervised sense
target audiences
elaborate models
map may
bar indicates
official atis
lexical definition
cfg model
generous support
strategy mentioned
ill principle
parallel recognition
correct clustering
current evidence
level n
exclusive rules
least effort
nearly zero
programs could
unary predicate
bilingual term
sentences input
probable tree
labeled event
tree provided
terms produced
dutch senseval
syntactic link
final approach
incomplete theories
current tipster
color information
different occurrences
evaluation approaches
general requirement
coreference keys
pomdp policy
word k
processing syntax
dictionary definitions
data instances
theoretical approaches
dialogue shows
algorithmic complexity
null moreover
syntax level
one feels
adding context
workshop proceedings
relationships must
tree looks
textual umt
related method
architecture working
embedding algorithm
default score
individual frequency
planning operators
collection used
recognizer performs
reshaped tree
record review
size windows
interpretation structure
cluster centres
name without
concepts found
elided noun
textual objects
text terms
incomplete tasks
untagged data
possible keyword
domain kernel
japanese origin
maxent models
polysemous words
various theories
gure 4
subsection 3
phrases marked
anaphor relation
l however
others describe
method translates
van roy
increasing polysemy
coherent interpretation
defines four
pp headed
order listed
system negotiate
e systems
speech presents
particular project
probabilistic recursive
inference power
user controls
similar collocations
reliable annotation
intonational boundary
category cat
rewrite rule
standard mt
utterance boundary
target cells
global optimization
1000 articles
etablir la
two functors
answer occurs
rf training
chart data
directed backtracking
translation choices
direct quotation
biographical information
parse found
derivational equivalence
dual purpose
likely candidates
learned strategy
desirable result
left implicit
calculate k
various tasks
pause units
restriction within
vocabulary distribution
2 gene
ed representation
requires access
situations arise
nominal phrases
encode linguistic
olac element
nodes activated
1 correspondence
verbs form
furnas et
voting models
clause marker
incremental derivation
texts produced
coherence within
three lexicons
semantic relationship
extracting events
exact form
classification phase
tie ups
inefficient implementation
weight ratio
sets containing
two boys
tape system
mt dictionaries
semcat weights
thus show
also decrease
idea unit
baseline strategy
electrical device
truth preserving
see dialogue
clausal reading
individual transitions
single correct
befor e
hold within
utterances labeled
model tbr
minimization problem
true class
deductive step
corresponding synset
particular attribute
filling exercise
restricted contexts
involves looking
parser also
ambiguity also
differs depending
null user
process shown
appropriate lexicon
formula based
kth word
count cutoff
prosodic pseudo
previous machine
related keywords
media objects
elliptical question
wider domain
potential coreference
literature data
fare information
pairs co
nach hamburg
guide consumption
component nodes
frame knowledge
sample utterances
variable vi
bomb exploded
categories generated
order problems
high pitch
state requires
algorithms assume
open door
rule failure
content slot
elements belong
iterative manner
straightforward example
multimodal command
verbal sense
complications arise
aspectual ambiguity
knowledge via
configuration 3
disambiguated senses
signal topic
allow multiple
regles de
existing wordnet
branching languages
efficiency issues
inform action
new branch
edge length
produces sentences
productions used
kill mr
complex tokens
predicative positions
errors like
ridder information
principle applies
cheap book
knowledge structuring
income tax
ellipsis resolution
deterministic tree
following list
important words
component communication
levenshtein automaton
monotonic theories
np must
argumentative orientation
cepstral coefficient
transitive lp
bracketing structure
sample scenario
distinct feature
tripartite structure
initial n
yields true
explicit attempt
acfg system
parentheses represent
expression candidates
null future
features seem
value h
english annotation
tipster project
many purposes
main grammar
clause 2
approximate measure
sg gen
data typically
calendar management
preceding discussion
actions include
limited capacity
word entropy
values l
earlier approach
left thoracostomy
hotel reservation
new links
verb via
forensic analysis
overlapping reference
certain entities
prepositional attachments
hash entries
model adaptation
inflectional class
separate constraint
particular types
memory editing
wordnet categories
syntactic issue
slot list
earlier state
reuters reported
textual similarity
optimal processing
20 topics
detailed specifications
external validation
2 instances
students learned
parseval scores
semantic combinations
underlying position
n features
two dialog
term z
particular techniques
regularities observed
positional probabilities
precision remains
different case
priming experiments
lenient composition
whose objective
fourth week
physical memory
n also
desired level
pleonastic pps
ensure termination
drawn using
rankings produced
contextual requirements
linguistic specifications
abeill6 et
plural proper
generative lexicons
le caract
variable g
2 formulates
constraint source
increased understanding
feedback loops
using sections
functional classification
includes techniques
prototype analyzer
reported herein
arguments must
debugging information
clemente et
class approach
output feature
decision approach
0 ii
usual convention
degree f
technical challenge
bigram vs
substantial numbers
second bar
type count
list generated
occurrence information
selection takes
people per
focus projection
development test
topic structures
characterize words
concepts generated
semantic acquisition
image may
link effect
five fields
character set
preference rule
relate two
sentences longer
word transition
last class
based assessment
facial displays
poor approach
research focused
love ing
feature typing
every f
pair types
works extremely
element may
act metrics
discourse memory
discuss implementation
x person
hot spot
exact answers
given thesaurus
typical request
dynamic properties
investigate questions
tile segments
processor applies
relation induced
type pairs
computational details
specific explicitness
best sub
a38a27a39 sysint
cognitive adequacy
simultaneous equations
equality conditions
subject class
speech recognized
probably contain
100 random
phonological regularities
research lies
simple proof
joint relation
r2 values
optimal step
parse generated
z may
wehave used
ninomiya et
every definition
qualia structures
toe pattern
isolated sentence
viral gene
using simple
corresponding seed
duration adverbial
word 3
five year
specific interactions
domain object
generalization algorithm
program tree
confidence weights
phrases proposed
rules incorporated
appropriate stem
understanding models
action would
irrelevant features
sparse vector
unified structure
referential relation
narrow focus
dutch words
segmentation hypotheses
experimental procedure
fundamental properties
initial constituents
effectively ignores
invention relates
md corpus
provides results
possibility exists
partial plans
adaptation mechanism
based theories
simpler template
time needed
distributional concept
examples consist
news reportage
ces relations
fast tree
hard core
definition 2
length len
facts suggest
supplied data
weight fl
a5 a59
unstressed vowels
connected feed
focal part
necessarily disjoint
features correlate
network speech
specification process
reference requires
particle indicating
individual forms
telephone book
runs quickly
simplify notation
supply information
syntactic labeling
active word
object form
sequences like
raw lexical
similar sentence
paradigmatic semantic
systems analyzed
rules permit
distributed multi
nonrestrictive relative
particular division
root fragment
information provides
large areas
corbett 1971
iii 1
whose support
function provides
whose tags
summarization results
event participants
mother edge
template shown
literal translations
approach goes
known terms
grammar hypothesis
robust grammars
word measure
inverse relationship
clausal relations
continuous words
one insight
optional step
allowing word
parametric statistics
long forms
specified rules
implicit time
complex accent
next subsections
terminological variants
linguistic indicators
basic tools
original presentation
induced ontology
interactive tasks
adjunction takes
pronoun referring
agent performance
recall vs
1 suppose
bar hillel
korean news
include multiple
specific sublanguages
combining terms
fields containing
lm used
embedded sentences
error metric
10 points
18 cases
nodes receive
predicate instances
sentences need
time recognition
embedding function
detailed overview
items like
rule matching
content load
additional algorithms
micro f
predict sentence
une traduction
proper scope
semantic relation
parking lot
words outside
meaning must
overlap features
resolution classifier
root system
sentences takes
org names
intensive nature
larger probability
proceed without
extracted trees
similar learning
support reasoning
explicit match
sequence approach
requires identity
fallback understanding
words excluding
bilingual texts
text collection
hypotheses produced
references occur
v argument
rejection prompts
synchronous forward
known fact
features together
verbal predication
ambiguous grammars
additional node
boitet et
federal register
ture structure
paper began
restricted quantification
single hierarchical
dictionary support
set ti
inverted form
topical representation
middle token
statement like
relative priority
preferences would
struct id
previous chunk
semantic interpreters
individual utterance
nodes include
phonological word
constant values
nps found
highest gain
contact event
total number
next message
strategy produces
papers written
certain pattern
object categories
necessary word
ih n
chosen randomly
cr contextually
rule accounts
result based
associated weights
vpc analysis
6 people
component text
head verb
exhibits two
representations contain
template contains
simple coreference
shows evaluation
weights represent
professional abstract
production component
human primates
grice et
four measures
document authoring
dummy elements
modeling becomes
several word
specialization hierarchy
semantics mapping
main senses
german news
eugenio 1990
stronger version
overlap across
inductive step
morphological point
fdg parser
using chunks
specific work
word correlation
three feature
initial hypothesis
slot specifies
driven algorithms
two pool
con sentences
three examples
goal expansion
processing levels
trees using
kanayama et
limited contextual
target candidate
square method
vectors obtained
flat representations
goals may
h may
categories consist
closer relationship
cambridge toolkit
source alphabet
parsing table
grammatical sub
brandeis system
unrestricted texts
cities worldwide
adverbial lexicon
many repetitions
popular lore
stage uses
telic role
secondary metrics
conjoin nounl
pass system
template level
reasonable sample
passive tree
derivational suffixes
compound constructions
scoring procedures
two grammars
correct version
sie systems
parameter training
relation without
clear evidence
first learner
corpus suggests
chaine centrale
recurrent word
chunghwa corpus
two subcomponents
clause template
next experiment
chain conditions
scores reflecting
nonlinear transmission
complex relations
structured sets
radio stations
root consonants
operation described
java package
dop approach
hayes recovery
time via
lo group
mechanisms provided
answer processing
since utterances
described method
mary said
charniak 1993
constraint sentences
terms required
par sa
fiber activation
pustejovsky 91
right portion
scf correlation
features gave
null suppose
good weather
genre identification
global ambiguity
simple table
semantic validity
key properties
similar interpretations
structural view
collocations containing
strict incrementality
one screen
desirable results
four paragraphs
recognizers trained
strong version
precision p
ne rules
observed tree
syntactic transfer
maximal coherence
relevant fragments
dialogue researchers
partitive nouns
pages long
computational grammars
synonym judgment
good context
clauses form
require discourse
possible linearizations
interim evaluations
basic classification
semanti c
global discourse
march 1993
process 100
last steps
strategies like
conceptual field
label matches
stop leaflets
similarity dag
systems increase
instances whose
mitra et
matching languages
disfluency rate
expert pairs
jackendoff 90
expected fillers
probabilistic discourse
merge operations
mayfield tomokiyo
contain complex
written texts
also enforce
segmental effects
plate glass
paratactic relations
graphics metaphor
genitive constructions
five meanings
two difference
posture shift
analytical question
instance pair
un regalo
false start
properly contain
technique standardly
since language
resulting certainty
pronunciation task
selection statement
function h
solving skills
figures 7
normalized duration
unannotated texts
reasonable parse
logical term
anaphor may
surface aspect
title appears
four scripts
oral communication
gn 3
extra information
labels like
round trip
lotus notes
situational role
following values
theoretical developments
mutual agreement
implementation problems
discrete entities
feature extractors
semantics rules
selecting properties
strategic points
unification categorial
representing discourse
state report
annotation models
hillard et
key reason
translation strategy
determine exactly
elliptic expressions
former interpretation
training pair
whereas p
active event
across clauses
tree template
account possible
tagging method
4 introduces
slot values
underlying representations
coherent dialog
limited use
bilingual entries
mrs mrs
one tn
small letters
object caused
default case
r att
type thing
whole problem
sentences like
possible situations
incomplete sentence
align english
64 sentences
repair rules
spanish names
ccg normal
ion 2
verbal forms
f 2
honorific relation
joint models
dynamic programing
data consistency
rule rc
speaker belief
tag grammars
jump arcs
list may
extra work
roget thesaurus
inventory used
direction gallieni
another dialogue
grammars automatically
attributes may
agreement requirements
later version
heuristics proposed
structure defines
next iteration
various sentence
5 implementation
focal centers
say anything
analogous situation
share many
another symbol
progress toward
given situation
low density
chinese counterpart
different properties
pairwise alignment
system 3
fop example
semantics like
language belongs
special role
q distribution
experimental subjects
multiple matches
using hearst
share words
distributions obtained
best boc
single articles
explorative functions
speech input
typical information
rudimentary way
acts used
command would
initial cost
test purposes
random forests
concepts dominated
resnik 1993
annotators need
feature cat
al 1990
x l
section titles
highest ranking
suppose l
markov alignment
nn compound
parse first
events within
japanese pos
slashed categories
example match
type type
statistical characteristics
correct term
small car
pipeline fashion
appropriate handling
test head
audio features
government operations
adverb pairs
terms co
language utterances
matching function
johansson et
ogden et
specific subject
characters using
medical systems
helpful answers
large body
user experience
2002 data
fbis data
scripting language
vector dimension
global rmrs
field values
association scores
force way
six groups
parameter l
lithography process
parameters must
quantification structure
seen instances
deriving discourse
knowledge contributes
desired translation
smaller feature
incorrect attachments
hybrid knowledge
mbr alignment
rich context
generalized triphone
default argument
representative texts
greater tendency
semantic aproach
svd probability
performs equally
certain phoneme
neutral contexts
high high
effective mechanisms
handle feature
radical set
evaluation cases
handle examples
relative magnitudes
forms taken
single grammar
also show
using networks
dimension distinguishes
use purely
paper contrasts
net synonym
sr unit
derivation involving
based expectation
20 examples
simulated objects
gain compared
different descriptions
given graph
two samples
world sentences
nominal component
correct segmentations
de nombreuses
information conversion
plan specification
eye tracking
word isa
make fine
complex corpus
certain relationships
translation hypothesis
filler verbs
think mary
contain spaces
dans lesquelles
use bigrams
regular ones
type covers
letter tree
crafted rules
center agents
inexact match
th character
boosting models
berger et
6 cm
semantic association
system figure
information whereas
target ones
np phrases
modern transformational
a1 a2
korean wordnet
reference report
parsing robustness
complex approach
states given
node array
final automaton
possible interpretation
english syntactic
a5 pages
strongly prefers
abstract formal
efficient computational
words arranged
figure 1
category candidates
coordination structures
goal semantics
smt framework
file transfer
system supports
action rule
candidates proposed
weak pumping
case without
vast literature
hard information
certain context
require sophisticated
bilingual model
expressions generation
trivial cases
phrase chunk
genre differences
possible affixes
larger sample
restricted types
bridging relation
approach well
skeletal parsing
concept conversion
use plain
driven mixture
applications use
paper looks
reference could
time graph
phrases representing
common names
arc insertions
corresponding adverb
grammar parse
covered source
c pair
multiple dependencies
phonological model
differing word
single unit
pruning mechanism
verbmobil speech
several example
absolute quality
unranked constraints
larger fraction
semantic selection
structure patterns
define features
lower tagging
conceptual metaphors
entity profiles
task list
possible path
word c
automatic marking
contained nouns
accuracy within
normalization alone
fiduciary duty
required resources
a28 a10
attributive adjectives
system yielded
que j
tree operation
french phrase
assumptions may
segmentation algorithm
given interval
tokens used
girju et
medline records
sentence automaton
also exhibit
discourse factor
concatenated word
domain natural
fragments rooted
multimodal meeting
reliable probability
compact graph
hard work
complex behavior
contain documents
dot product
000 nps
two components
noun determines
machine interface
represent objects
hughes system
averaged values
detect complex
various interpretations
onto wordnet
3 k
early attempts
discussed tn
whose action
binary classifier
scoring factor
original word
synset groups
languages belonging
topical role
specified elements
na po
assign scores
erk et
weight transducers
process iteratively
simple euclidean
analysis obtained
people think
spearman r
base builder
following frames
gram method
argument noun
structure portion
word needs
improves accuracy
class must
cases containing
temporal aspect
decision must
general sentence
types discussed
analysis algorithm
introduces additional
lecture segmentation
semantic labels
contain two
l according
union address
foreign names
9 paoc
hand gesture
time slices
existing test
transition matrix
word use
sd performance
solving knowledge
problem partitioning
corresponding label
ie rules
systems would
removal list
find triples
feature representation
erroneous characters
ordered sequent
time interval
conceptual fields
general setting
input forms
retrieve data
hierarchical classification
order terms
preterminal nodes
car maintenance
rainbow et
slot frames
questions required
contextual statistics
search tools
jiao tong
dictionaries play
markovized grammar
individual letter
labeled p
lexicons generated
conditional parts
staff months
adding information
predicate occurs
one studies
verb appearing
broad classes
full plan
operations involved
traffic incidents
rule structure
first illustration
verb verb
tendency among
type calculus
linguistic framework
telegraph code
conditional logic
indonesian word
bilingual bracketing
quantified object
remaining choice
19 non
nursing activities
0 whenever
transparent way
linguistic summarization
structure chosen
language acquisition
probabilistic frameworks
bases de
inconsistent results
extracted relations
utterance classes
sentence true
users still
based method
like john
third source
prepositions rather
sentence texts
selection preferences
sample selection
associate words
see figures
cooperative dialog
passive vocabulary
need separate
thematic roles
conceptual paradigm
e made
sublanguage specific
processing including
different recall
phonetic alphabet
interactive setting
realization system
ns e
dyer 1983
top k
chunk boundaries
main issue
used hand
ate cake
group whose
large domains
traditional classification
agent 1
tactical components
green light
state adjectives
states corresponding
schematic representation
book room
text word
following classes
algorithms known
shriberg et
exhaustive enumeration
paper discusses
xml markup
explicit expressions
module plays
coverage trade
high corpus
noun compounds
verbal head
distribution q
tables using
duration probabilities
generate arbitrary
translation cost
also tries
clause expresses
every parameter
request broker
immediate precedence
parser returned
based learning
answering machine
parsing disfluent
tree encodes
technique improves
shows system
general aim
contain even
enough elements
linguistic statements
automatic diacritization
phrase given
part 2
harmony rule
english segmentation
assumes three
two prominent
template translation
textual types
treebank 3
larger window
accurate analysis
general temporal
cannot change
searching problem
transformation processes
complete automatic
separate utterance
k nodes
deletion rate
one dominant
way within
environment developed
performs exactly
largest eigenvalues
prescher et
interactive learning
beatrice daille
involving domain
many processing
solutions would
functional unification
input utterance
null lemma
word allows
intended referent
new place
call textual
medium length
subnetwork connectivity
pattern matcher
patient letters
linguistic criteria
declarative interpretation
similar recognition
six raters
tree includes
distinct patterns
supervised boosting
disambiguation stage
inflated models
analogy questions
rte test
modal particle
afp data
function 6
set driven
classified verbs
method compares
remaining u
descriptor specifies
place objects
different computational
particularly prevalent
eliminating non
sample may
single attachment
partially overlaps
sequence must
0 f
backward word
phrase matrix
character unigram
k la
shadow record
structures involving
form another
become activated
substring w
departure location
storage lockers
lost control
referential creativity
la musique
keyword searches
normalized cut
possible referents
perform relatively
stochastic branching
output indicates
slot frame
evaluating students
endangered language
diagnostic test
possible boundary
open microphone
research reports
humor 99
french tagger
translation exercises
reported systems
speech ambiguity
whose quality
5 folds
latent trees
transfer framework
media types
response sets
object descriptors
proto forms
informatique de
following decision
fragment boundaries
first attempts
best muc
equal number
system bug
soderland 1999
fields belong
correct texts
grammars specifying
plan p
highest posterior
correctly model
peaking interval
aircraft carriers
new knowledge
subjects reported
vast number
minimality heuristic
single alternative
departure city
word a6
algorithm behaves
first interpretation
relevant documents
maximum context
token entities
naming task
following account
nyu proteus
chinese ancient
also figures
experiments within
states remain
closed challenge
systems showed
word insertion
question depends
fragment size
free granunar
nv status
tags around
fold pairwise
describes future
introduce information
rules seems
another bit
english passive
one attribute
complexity analysis
rule thus
extended period
simplification algorithm
tagged jj
testing pin
algorithm reduces
represent contexts
n co
sized corpora
string fl
technical points
antecedent c
respective head
hou yields
strategy used
schwartz 1991
annotation procedure
lexical sequence
nested implications
nanc data
tools without
p 4
processing problems
automatically construct
polynomial complexity
ce document
two arcs
phrase semantics
cross system
first path
specific argumentative
another expert
utterance entails
shows many
node labelled
target entity
selective power
original event
basketball domain
deterministic parsing
a17 c
superordinate class
morphological data
missing head
column four
approximately twenty
several deficiencies
john claimed
allow complex
dependency structure
validation based
make maximal
structures introduced
adequate response
adjacent symbols
gives sentence
research methodology
vowel symbols
tst3 data
corresponding points
graph like
one rhetorical
aspectual class
head sorted
subcategorization principle
workshop included
think john
phrase corresponding
multimedia interfaces
mechanism employed
parts may
target categories
management practices
strings extracted
metrical analysis
stochastic parser
language summaries
detect two
given verb
profile scores
imperfective view
offers new
consider questions
compositional grammar
problem since
extracted corpus
static description
loose definition
legal language
target trees
reduplication features
generate animations
designer may
finding sentences
incoming sentence
dialogue manager
native set
problems associated
token wi
box 4
text chunking
digital content
inherit information
modeling tasks
overlap judgement
driver assembly
f ratio
less dense
french terms
grouping method
error hypothesis
makkonen et
affect precision
large problems
long hair
q r
unambiguous translations
partial theories
linguistic training
construct pattern
kept within
speech rules
second sighan
lob treebank
correct inflection
provide algorithms
obtain improvements
clearly illustrates
conceptual base
numbers given
particular representation
original example
specified class
distance negative
hierarchical inheritance
type according
red bag
inference space
one trial
weighted distance
third component
act labels
index may
3 figure
existing table
content analysis
phrasal nodes
datr work
input head
third sentences
unix commands
acoustic probabilities
general answer
set r
cardie 2002
set di
events specified
information represented
implemented algorithm
sag 87
also meant
function well
include implicit
original model
accuracy decreased
unrelated meanings
chosen domain
3 consider
fixed location
independent hmm
acquired translation
achieved results
rules account
three humans
system needs
final post
candidate verb
performing ones
magic predicates
observed idf
de telle
determination process
engine approach
rather cumbersome
act may
appropriate slots
n synonyms
ainsi les
200 hours
sentential paraphrases
known word
cooperative know
housekeeper system
pedersen et
example expressions
system use
final phrases
appendix h
label bias
diagrammatic notation
external module
automatic training
module without
features encode
noun phr
sorted lists
ngram statistics
previous translations
constructive induction
neither x
classifying named
smaller images
expected relevance
pivot features
test key
system permits
entities denoted
rules combine
la notion
bates 1978
batch mode
itai 1994
pair representation
ir approach
word appears
evaluation understudy
methods along
combining word
software tool
wrong results
leass algorithm
system reflects
speech like
primary tense
training lexicon
et la
implements different
chosen candidate
identifying arguments
actual training
following pair
verbmobil interface
distinct concepts
english specific
parser presented
different phrasal
argumentation system
z n
topic sentence
problem affects
term wi
value features
relevant structure
interpretation whose
line graphs
correct entries
donne une
pos disambiguation
order based
active character
excellent results
sequential steps
ist maria
external agents
attributive position
agreement per
take priority
null racy
paragraphs according
structural dependencies
bad candidate
massimo poesio
three patterns
material annotated
primitive set
first pause
bayes classi
components interact
suitable method
common phrase
werden kann
text example
related test
right noun
standard answer
iscorr dataset
6 classes
section one
pos part
candidate justification
accusative masculine
topical coherence
genetic programming
human tendency
vocabulary reduction
rank 3
subject inversion
uses topic
marcu 2000
wordnet uses
query becomes
single link
make frequent
exhaustive prediction
power translator
marked features
reasonable constraints
sound systems
best combination
noise compensation
character identity
preferred terms
negative opinions
spoken sentences
duplicate edges
end evaluation
motivated features
questions following
values v
various recognition
term co
skeleton patterns
significance weights
syntactic changes
universal language
application tasks
briefly introduce
systems face
structural disambiguation
unconstrained search
abstract finite
set 123
empty verbal
iterative approach
special domains
features attempt
change potential
template file
utterances selected
des syntagmes
similar situation
hypotheses presented
jan pier
next bunsetsu
spatial domains
increase robustness
formation algorithms
november 1993
event seeds
core data
operational experience
tpc chains
inference requires
equivalent finite
foreign accent
methods adopted
december 2
alignment computation
syllable structures
false flags
studies reported
specific sort
plausibility score
preceding section
arbitrary category
information statistics
text similar
bottle floated
multiplicative fragment
prototypical actions
lists four
also adjuncts
les coefficients
parser requires
ambiguity requires
word modifying
gapping relation
foreign phrase
segmentation phase
gazetteer features
single transcription
cannot map
99 workshop
different realizations
utterances even
describe atomic
acquisition strategies
lp relation
speech variants
feature candidates
rooth 1991
peripheral sense
current terminal
tipster compliant
model property
500 stems
performs approximately
snr values
extracted substrings
agency press
f0 contours
semantic proposition
pattern f
complicated processing
rst pass
modelling technique
models directly
set used
using wall
noun followed
certain constituent
user group
parallel systems
line thesauri
good information
exponential behavior
important feature
syntactic ones
analysis proposed
called text
false positives
20 split
producing speech
lattice using
catcher hunter
pattern definition
never generate
one pos
school learners
sentence considered
elements correctly
language models
two subcategorization
analysis phase
extract verbs
building classifiers
international trust
knowledge systems
select exactly
longer theories
another future
common platform
first list
mixed mode
word etc
system demonstrates
proper representation
hearer could
instance would
second applies
string accepted
basic k
state output
lexical task
common relations
classifiers constructed
status quo
syntactic analyser
remaining test
secondary labels
desired values
john enjoins
contexts given
tree correspond
two segments
dutch newspaper
temporal meanings
scale dictionary
marker words
panel displays
morphology module
infinite ambiguity
roles correspond
psycholinguistic findings
disambiguation might
referent identification
resulting language
control parameter
e nodes
drs condition
incremental structure
improved performance
titan one
forest produced
concerning agreement
inheritance links
training would
input letter
tutoring session
information useful
en vigueur
correct model
every h
right half
transformed string
contain pronouns
ou du
verbs defined
auxiliary flip
tagged dialogue
program satisfying
tried combining
3 refers
periodic node
although results
integrated word
information coverage
linear regression
long processing
dla methods
one posting
working vocabulary
h n
large drop
spanish terms
important factors
sense set
work reasonably
language selection
relate events
parallel search
marked wd
exhibit various
linked senses
performance evaluations
features according
user believed
tile performance
entire bnc
generic objects
29 contains
position one
l expressions
generated expressions
small k
column label
svm classi
mori et
e la
en moyenne
word finally
one exception
reasoning model
graph editor
call find
preprocessing specialists
system took
forward movement
position markers
simple map
problem somewhat
therefore conclude
state x
different predominant
entity referred
whole paragraph
elman et
anlt system
update rule
entry structures
unknown root
represent variables
greater use
das treffen
pages 53
significant reduction
der frau
decimal representation
1600 sentences
bayesian networks
based thesaurus
semantic choices
category names
remains essentially
system wrongly
like speaker
valid response
static language
best english
respectively correspond
system turn
5 offers
feature dependencies
since target
possible values
lifting rules
grade language
pass vbn
humans understand
gather sufficient
p alignment
directeur de
persistent problem
factory floor
matrix corresponds
exact conditions
produced phrase
include spaces
dependent disambiguation
classifiers perform
inverted files
algorithm showed
general recognition
1993 arpa
lexical decisions
construct context
configuration shown
last pfl
basis tree
exploring methods
classes represented
elements corresponding
four corpora
watanabe et
a20 a1
features match
neighboring tags
smaller parts
phrase dependent
probably cannot
predicate b
dependent part
one means
paragraph retrieval
conceptual material
rounded rectangles
little loss
hmm taggers
n context
ngram features
three concepts
query structures
outcome 0
problem found
regression straight
less data
line parser
acm conference
parallel development
senonic word
locally bound
wordnet hypernyms
determined sentence
audio recordings
primitive words
distinctive features
several morphemes
basic machinery
inner ear
critical region
obvious area
large phrase
rich information
grant itr
relative scoping
correct bracketing
best scores
per turn
german test
gricean reasoning
educational institutions
include direct
overall conversation
output coding
two parrots
interlanguage structures
special problems
necessary lexical
dialogue processing
2 times
submitting queries
paths containing
bad ones
typesetting tape
optimized classes
arbitrary number
reference position
production used
pathological case
known example
smaller portion
following differences
constraints yields
path scores
random instances
extraction since
fluent spontaneous
predominant role
constructed hierarchy
string contained
corresponding hmm
system evaluations
evidence comes
reference output
natural way
restrictions used
paragraph feature
explanation components
time ts
leftmost derivation
chunk tree
participating parts
proposition 2
character snippets
unrealized actions
key requests
lemma pairs
slot ordering
check every
research shows
specific speaker
known model
always leads
final source
whole entry
little correlation
alignments provided
fill verbs
statements may
temporary variables
vast knowledge
depth one
order regularities
cases require
improved estimate
include documents
pos tagset
approach considers
three aspects
retrieval engines
testing algorithm
e al
associative network
3 c
user sees
visual analysis
quite sparse
representations containing
induced classifier
system appears
dam un
uniform treatment
information suitable
procedure may
instrument types
historical perspective
certain information
optimal threshold
parameters trained
exact translations
present participles
varied set
word next
one contribution
string transducers
forward center
rather simple
practical applications
include two
level concept
one unique
educational applications
complicated process
red balls
average higher
partir de
c would
neither participant
interest group
end processor
useful hints
karen jensen
constituent characters
global optimal
actual sequence
generate semantically
thank martha
score due
ss 5
function features
245 sentences
weak rule
information also
mutual disambiguation
punctuated text
system works
specific error
constructions must
current interpretation
lexicon builder
predicted top
deterministic algorithm
paths cannot
sov language
empirical evaluation
bootstrapping processes
wendy lehnert
syntactic form
name refers
news audio
markov analyses
elements remain
naive bottom
builds lexical
multiple tokens
3 use
large range
names rather
every task
estimation theory
much content
hence also
link types
example 12
xiao ao
previous inference
23 tokens
generating trees
particular areas
word prefix
parallel polysemy
semantic agent
taggers use
variable interactions
modal context
link weights
component first
current path
gram posterior
lower layers
persons mentioned
structural consequence
parlance system
undischarged assumptions
sharing techniques
transcription rule
computer architecture
top c
end set
graphic input
algorithms given
arborescence de
square test
representations cannot
posterior lattices
statistical modeling
selection probability
information involved
remarquer que
basic chart
grammatical english
letter hypotheses
unique answer
basic measure
research challenges
information across
scores may
method cannot
function across
final human
tile base
temporal modifiers
automatically extracts
term relationships
correct question
sibling constituents
stemming algorithm
form per
mayfield et
resulting relation
e text
grammar constraint
remove redundant
test size
generation module
vertex w
distribution observed
baumann et
robust multimodal
orientation labels
meeting conversation
denote c
one arc
rate 1
liquid object
approach draws
german subordinate
de impresora
target chunk
auf die
additional computational
hovy et
user builds
recognizer module
used lexemes
simple direct
dashed lines
time systems
speech annotation
beliefs regarding
multilevel structures
word overlapping
coherent formal
word contains
represent types
confidence candidates
term context
extraction efforts
six input
explicit verification
linguistic requirements
lexical cohesive
probable interpretation
data selected
author names
found sufficient
syntactic categories
consequent loss
common characteristic
given search
alternate interpretation
shorter list
corresponding cell
desired classes
uml diagram
entity objects
common proper
factor may
possible frames
language identi
describe one
snor transcriptions
need time
special cases
logical propositions
syntactic trees
cannot even
x z
traum et
stacked generalization
partition problem
events occurring
word level
original character
terminology phrases
2 stand
dialogue b
3 allows
dependent manner
state representations
concatenation model
palm trees
distance links
gazetteer lists
peut avoir
modified formula
elementary categories
unigram f
fast algorithm
distinct mechanisms
successive states
heavy computational
type expressions
require syntactic
data even
077 words
global syntactic
component nouns
elementary trees
driven architecture
previous findings
port fixed
domain relational
definitions associated
coherent segments
share several
simple two
suit different
approach lends
learnin g
object collocation
desired object
broad phonetic
nec task
elements defined
several cross
integrated model
process seems
system instantiates
evaluated system
similar verb
dialogue process
primary input
parser could
100 blocks
extraction data
95 percent
pose challenges
semantic functions
comprehensive evaluation
abstract rule
researchers adopt
resulting summaries
uses existing
numbering system
redundancy constraint
rising tone
generated random
rising tones
topical units
mitigate data
processing terms
frequency lower
presentation time
segment could
period ta
integer denoting
small loss
form z
filler rules
information away
dqg q
3 demonstrates
reliably extract
cohesive force
development results
whose analysis
news headline
tree provides
pool data
system finally
2 documents
roeck et
treebank annotations
automatic synthesis
convey similar
initial constraint
engine must
foreign proper
across frequency
finding pairs
stochastic system
number assigned
evaluable paths
20 dialogues
sentence recognizer
drawn graphics
relations tend
unlabeled f1
utterances directed
picture patterns
practical research
literal cluster
false points
management problem
help select
level wordnet
nominal plural
ones shown
intentional description
fact means
possible classes
common substrings
user performance
arc fails
also select
a6 a67
nl questions
multisequence alignment
data structure
consider row
mandarin tone
semantic generalization
chunk tagged
acoustic segment
modify rules
also worth
final component
correct suggestions
remain two
contexts defined
add e
du premier
semantic n
cky parsers
level relevance
belief level
instance rule
input tape
control strategies
work among
final sentences
particular note
main part
example ill
process frame
identi ers
gpsg grammar
data released
motion component
quality using
range research
independent resource
sentences comprising
cause different
st al
state vs
columns labeled
script applier
similar orientation
message generating
descriptive mechanism
involved building
two finite
specific category
association criteria
arabic english
side labels
word silences
size p
type eat
construct core
coded information
generate templates
remains stable
interactive situation
possible object
1a shows
maximum information
indicators used
huge increase
lexical questions
formalisms whose
following lexicon
high significance
include appropriate
stimulus argument
speech decoding
german clause
information structural
required language
effective automatic
architecture underlying
dictionary analysis
te 1
ii data
analysis grammars
similar vectors
patterns often
conceptual tools
employ multiple
entity similarity
manual feature
qualitative inspection
topic recognition
w would
side may
components responsible
idf scores
source template
took care
possible frame
text simplification
special phrase
edr concept
plausibility judgements
using nb
involving multi
domain textual
available resources
meaning vector
different distances
1 tree
user tests
like synonymy
microphone used
new assembly
empty slot
model among
theory 0
parser identifies
input devices
ji et
motivational examples
bracketed structure
der eijk
reports could
lexical statistics
occurrence number
el mapping
typically assigns
section meets
make significant
kyoto university
null sentation
new ale
textual representation
moby dick
standard solution
components using
results among
parameters mentioned
chunk tag
focused np
existing ie
input still
spanish zero
classes also
sentence s2
complex phrases
separate processing
tokens occur
successive occurrences
vocabulary speech
fsa approach
global probability
a43 a16
derived sentence
lkb entries
knowledge rich
input processing
illegible letters
possible decision
state a1
working hypotheses
decisions within
grammar shows
violate constituent
embedded em
identified features
real tasks
increasing numbers
breaking news
dass es
definite order
sports car
longer sentence
predictive feature
current list
give help
associations using
type chunks
description extraction
system next
simple tagging
verbs play
e since
schema language
dr theory
ps 84
active element
require smoothing
prominent participants
blocking rule
multiple relations
accepting states
path specifications
internal use
little use
possibly contradictory
intrinsic reference
keywords used
adhoc task
santa maria
linear discriminants
recognize events
italian syntactic
relative scope
sentential distinction
suitable choice
different stems
latter property
sequential clauses
probabilistic segmentation
former pair
environnement linguistique
cumulative score
speech class
relations made
standard gpsg
np sign
involved defining
extraction queries
qualitative measures
central ideas
hpsg literature
sm method
constraints imposed
strzalkowski et
rose et
precise descriptions
planning scenarios
parser induction
matching pair
un signe
suprasegmental information
like number
reduced syllables
cut point
prepositions denote
vice presidents
uses constraints
frequency groups
change within
propose takes
match would
major area
inflected queries
march 2006
briefly outlined
french texts
borderline cases
2 structure
5 tasks
numerical techniques
analyser produces
topic expansion
weak non
value judgement
numerical weights
incorporate knowledge
baseline frequency
earlier sentences
involve significant
visual experience
path represents
2 tagging
vp anaphora
processing community
clearer picture
long book
structured grammatical
segment retrieval
3 veteran
analysis coupled
equivalent performance
relative weights
notational convention
lexical coverage
different precision
exact inference
different years
tables show
diverse set
early decision
noisy corpus
apparent violations
grained results
100 sentence
whose baseline
human use
jansen et
nodes represent
change occurred
translation lexica
categories assigned
situation resulting
resulting models
visit lnode
processing issues
three mechanisms
improve statistical
use methods
class organizations
numeric value
template object
unique designators
matter relations
since subjects
logical possibilities
description theory
browser window
evidence showing
attachment results
linker distributions
log r
language specifically
small storage
negative examples
feature names
three noun
modifier slot
scratch structures
argument composition
phonemic forms
process states
many groups
match linguistic
primitive operator
tree fi
contain vowels
basic demographic
phonological element
template score
best e
lowest wer
associated part
proofs may
traditional chart
rule optimization
put forth
broad linguistic
opaque reading
multiplicative operator
evaluation word
compilation allows
symbol indicates
several nlg
translating words
training paradigm
894 test
classifiers based
called relation
backoff approach
explicative power
path e
category relations
approximate translation
resource manager
en masse
penalty scores
dynamic programs
clear interpretation
template filtering
proposal allows
order model
spindle motor
manual groupings
consistent style
plausible meaning
eigen decomposition
comprehension model
phrase npi
combined word
rule writing
polysyllabic words
common term
minimal requirement
define context
contains c
various verb
5 mb
approaches take
p denote
srilm language
concept activation
problem first
inanimate noun
detailed grammatical
activity name
interesting extension
identifying portions
coverage features
postings lists
active characters
solution becomes
since building
correct chain
negative adjectives
muc scoring
opinionated documents
expression based
static models
derv right
nonterminal b
achieve f
system level
1 meaning
errors using
perfect tenses
grade models
using simpler
associated code
conclusive choices
memory item
different subject
recent efforts
score assigned
senses rather
used technique
transcribed corpus
contextual pattern
mot du
flexible dialogue
correct morphemes
subset principle
formats including
papers discusses
word drug
likely assignments
heavyweight processing
crucial step
tree built
deviation 0
factors influence
formal concept
success heap
index n
preferred word
possible pair
acronym generator
reasoning chain
er hat
disambiguation must
ordering relation
constraints required
somel one2
become intractable
bank would
sphinx system
cmu system
generative mechanisms
forest pattern
recognizer recognizes
information gains
urdu corpus
original scheme
rate without
automatically adjusts
acquisition problem
word segmenter
40 times
system possesses
analogical approach
lists contained
morpheme sequences
library contains
coreferent nps
wan wan
mary pleases
ontology must
referent would
spelling corrections
ebmt engine
important parts
likely segmentations
act n
statistical studies
automatic grammatical
que jean
binary classification
coreference module
7 ne
field would
accuracy significantly
use manually
conventional spelling
first gesture
subjects agreed
prize winner
annotation cost
mnemonic names
recent data
class estimates
mccarthy 1981
equality sign
assigning scores
consistency rate
comprehensive set
kappa statistic
separate process
grishman et
arrow notation
conflicting goals
kisses mary
diderot system
seven reporting
length elsewhere
e data
english prepositional
category might
full representation
task difficulty
failure cases
study corpus
hypernymy relation
tree back
dsp analysis
j whose
poor estimates
logical axioms
recall ratio
v fin
troughs placed
containing text
prominent ones
variables instead
something may
line system
type networks
augmented feature
lexical features
neutral view
zero transition
use either
nested feature
variant extraction
everything except
sentence vector
control decisions
examples suggests
parsing technologies
28 ao6
tutoring corpora
integration method
mle estimates
robust rule
implemented grammars
attaches prepositional
form produced
analysis components
word translation
shows several
indirect replies
unit 0
unlabelled text
six rules
weights indicate
graphical development
95 words
first decision
document similarity
czech corpus
move instructions
naive character
tokyo research
supplying information
feature units
coreference scoring
frameworks based
number indicating
language gives
feature extractor
fact implies
special terms
iteratively compute
word identities
head functor
unofficial results
weeks ago
guided language
require specific
argumentative text
one study
let denote
spatial terms
dynamite charge
recent darpa
bilingual document
appropriate expression
twin willows
condition q
relevant events
memory management
achieves robustness
expansion consists
jones 1999
pruning stage
unknown sense
component adjoining
annotation exercises
consistent treatment
correlation among
development platforms
languages involves
encyclopaedia britannica
tests involving
limited list
uses web
known morphemes
derived answer
valency entry
wordnetl 5
np edge
low threshold
verbmobil domain
variables xi
searching space
average linkage
spanish texts
action schema
gen sg
backward composition
frequency threshold
old english
develop rules
ambiguous rule
satisfy p
method reduced
1989 corpus
head nodes
comprehensive system
davey 79
determine co
lines 12
expressions exhibit
grammar generating
analyzing words
extensive set
multiplicative identity
temporal classification
zhang et
rapid construction
variations within
set a0
medical text
semantic caseframe
handle noun
tell act
admit crossing
police force
contains 10
procedure gives
structure remains
recall enhancing
matching segments
k models
system contributed
structure specification
genitive attributes
real benefit
value space
term constituent
similar systems
models perform
issues need
one reads
exercise types
context method
syntactic chunk
interpretation preferences
best proofs
tags reduces
items using
direct statements
scale parsing
statistics needed
since n
bleu measures
vieira et
partial thesaurus
precedence statements
1 introduction
good string
contain erroneous
hierarchical organisation
global generation
a102a106a103 esta105
world geography
authority x
obvious extension
tile nmnber
eating apples
among synsets
difficulties faced
fairly coherent
foundation grant
v2 vl
sentential usages
typical number
discourse particles
extracted phrases
path sets
based verb
texts written
output module
permutation commands
preterminal labels
derivation relation
n information
three treebanks
sentence produces
la fille
relationships used
generic types
skeletal grammars
e found
prolog variable
class baselines
sri sls
words right
adequate discourse
word counts
human costs
multiple comparisons
experimental methodology
current values
main form
model significantly
infinite class
prior paradise
request vector
process natural
french example
p ii
structure explicit
outscopes every
ranking score
utilis6 pour
combines ideas
several di
spoken korean
coarticulatory effects
ranking algorithms
relational databases
segmentation analysis
answers along
second applicability
a90 a14
surrounding contexts
greater level
results significantly
move coding
1 involves
merely serves
syntactic variety
single part
french model
bill rounds
immediate feedback
coherence rules
rhetorical relations
extrammatical language
ejv systems
one syntax
properly belong
clef 2005
always output
ce sujet
accompanying illustration
paper include
pos relations
best described
relation allows
complex propositions
set articles
rhetorical considerations
introducing noise
adjective modification
ranking schemes
object phrases
k semantic
syntactic motivation
types allowed
similar search
stem dictionary
using method
next present
system retrieved
dirichlet language
path described
probabilistic formulation
ripper takes
jiao qiao
context restrictions
world corpora
fine distinctions
adaptation behavior
complex human
bos et
inevitable consequence
bf tags
purpose infrastructure
existing results
mary drank
15 tokens
bernard vauquois
important concepts
technique reduces
proposed patterns
inferences could
written document
emergent property
called relative
translated elements
hyponymic relations
incremental events
document panel
intermediate conclusion
annotating text
pattern sequence
aspect model
structural relations
models combining
information returned
topical terms
positive rate
equations 1
first pair
hundred years
based vectors
40 documents
structure mappings
figure 3
structural considerations
uses standard
shared data
target dependent
processing modules
speech probability
original levin
science students
possible ordering
pointing inputs
bike inst
correct distribution
combined model
configuration file
possible differences
du mot
beyond pure
number wrong
total errors
plural nps
marcus et
entropy method
standard orientation
author might
different programs
word boundary
phrase lengths
different email
k may
weight evaluation
trivial example
cf set
systems run
frequency verbs
john lennon
version provided
suitable test
student would
target collocation
speech segmentation
der hulst
appealing titles
set contain
every comma
national liberation
operations could
exhibit properties
using keywords
received instructions
worse translation
chunk parsing
rule takes
recognition area
special issues
modal information
real sentence
ordering models
decoder must
individual groups
selected objects
4 points
accessible subject
named disjunction
language n
ip address
likely word
comlex syntax
entropy learning
case c
professional title
rst proposed
target translations
svc sentence
preferred model
edges based
certain sort
eats pies
mps grammar
upper clauses
second point
combine lexical
3 contains
murder weapon
kasai hoken
textual materials
one definite
der plas
always split
rst phase
alternatives exist
labels using
two fields
techniques need
r approach
th pebble
initial dependency
length shorter
suan fa
performance function
h infers
extensive study
different phases
syntactic state
following rule
parsing technology
clic en
word list
e generated
facilitate interaction
determining factor
copy graph
mainly newspaper
equivalent edges
accurate performance
dominates another
brs apply
corpus genre
one role
model world
grammar checking
cesdoc dtd
reordering words
classifiers tested
primitive facts
single axiom
supertag set
noisy conditions
perfect parse
term information
systems without
strings directly
system received
independent means
gles et
relatively mature
frequency measurements
implicit rejection
retrieval conferences
improved classification
coverage parsers
roche group
alignment system
two phones
l structures
value false
complete plan
bilingual parallel
scope domain
ripper rules
certain string
entities whose
candidates using
specification tool
whole software
text element
serial ordering
complex component
component functions
method employed
corpus labeled
user believes
radev et
que tout
parser output
kupiec 1992
boundary types
kazman et
phasal expressions
records containing
forward probabilities
experiment uses
higher ambiguity
identical context
relation paths
complex sentences
two performance
word file
without pre
purpose reasoning
que deux
features reported
proper names
articles according
grapheme entropy
september 2000
subsumes b
police gunman
comparative deletion
raising operation
relative agreement
learning strategies
transducer maps
something else
medial experiencer
semantics using
choice tests
quick performance
use spoken
extended ascii
operation yields
slash value
words sense
recognize discourse
utterances whose
algorithm derives
see sparck
treat cases
reference links
incremental optimization
v 4
full definite
weight value
detailed algorithms
length differences
several parallel
understand text
calculus notation
referring phrase
fragment parsing
experimental setup
sentence center
sri experiments
evaluating message
fact many
forms might
additional work
sequential constraints
length segments
5 learning
japanese names
better probability
model satisfying
active objects
400 sentence
query keywords
text followed
computational paradigm
information goals
testing grammars
various systems
three organization
pos corpus
suffix analysis
input length
gp values
top level
document plan
truth condition
phrase ending
another item
scale bilingual
constituent consisting
storage mechanism
ml techniques
dependent relations
type becomes
rated plausibility
pure ccg
comparisons among
independent contribution
either rule
words shows
r th
information linking
coding task
service attack
xerox part
entity types
fill rules
bars show
better segmentation
aligned translation
number restrictions
verbs ending
200 thousand
cant improvement
simple description
remain constant
literal type
ordering may
switchboard eval
second text
specific usages
conditions derived
stochastic approaches
deletion operation
638 cd
ou des
saturation lattice
inference capabilities
resulting alignments
21 points
physics lecture
dbn model
spanish model
feature relations
contain discourse
powerful inference
total environment
baschung et
processing word
statistical pos
hovy 1988
general log
concept behind
much use
important modules
one index
corresponding strings
acceptance drs
significant agreement
case allows
character decomposition
context associated
generator derives
automatic algorithms
single dataset
larger theory
independent evaluation
grammatical marking
vector processing
routine would
theoretical upper
maximize average
particular stage
gunman s2
task would
conditions b
word concatenation
bottom node
output mappings
key ideas
tracking corpus
conditions necessary
feature makes
multisemcor project
display model
technologies 2001
one fifth
define constituent
category based
answer format
information space
tone learning
english capitalization
predictor variable
conditional p
deductive rules
produced texts
phrase accuracy
function space
bi l
structural approach
contain complete
search needs
make known
winter 1988
state plus
excluding function
telephone conversation
diagram 5
summarization procedure
called target
single gaussians
base sentence
literature suggests
specification rules
essentially language
perfect informers
discharge summaries
within clause
bakeoff 2005
text characters
preclude using
generate something
go deeper
bearing noun
quarterly earnings
form required
containing data
help keep
intentions behind
malouf et
orthodox position
frame constructors
optimal mapping
generally involves
passes control
0 denotes
14 relations
feature clustering
model different
disambiguate words
classification performance
graph generation
parentheses indicates
incorrect segments
gradient ascent
large texts
unknown forms
lower complexity
label must
morphological functions
4 conference
class pairs
la classification
emphatic stress
phrase locations
samuelsson et
version 2
different channels
responses received
voutilainen 1995
verb nodes
phrases preceded
n x
pr fr
knowledge communication
names denote
unlabelled data
issues raised
hierarchical stochastic
background set
contiguity relation
accent model
people work
improvement seems
conversational states
faster training
cannot argue
towards using
particular reading
argument series
likelihood factor
compound tenses
ice cream
form deixis
anchor distance
new environment
test vocabulary
primera parte
coding decisions
route guidance
sri used
persistent goals
semantic anomaly
shalom lappin
null tual
full index
accuracy obtained
formatted information
filter element
simple constructions
le msme
word cm
mr chavez
probabilistic cky
arbitrary integer
est en
corresponding pos
grammar precompilation
level coreference
trees belonging
consider context
constant non
flexible integration
assumption concerning
direction mairie
prosodic marking
predictability strategy
information remaining
entity division
experiment conditions
marcus 1980
extra knowledge
textual coherence
order chain
primary elements
feature might
phrases left
presupposition projection
also compute
first difficulty
fills generated
third message
annie system
word specifies
final experiments
verbal groups
possible lexicon
groups 1
whole feature
functional level
maximum bleu
dative form
certainty factors
log probabilities
logical document
tambouratzis et
telephone line
significant issue
future interactive
resolution classifler
shift toward
major extension
topic vectors
take scope
improvement score
surveys previous
r uses
four randomly
medical data
indexed subtrees
mt approach
discourse sentence
restricted domains
discourse acts
statistical means
voice dialog
current decision
choice expert
integer variables
section 1
protein function
market place
formed w
entailment detection
two base
get assigned
older dyads
sentence r
use feature
implementational details
discourse setting
best satisfy
plausible hypotheses
x co
tone 5
use examples
translation researchers
scoring sentence
conna s2
weather simulation
languages come
sense problems
mixed integer
syntactic simplicity
cfg grammar
general systems
argument realisation
signal processing
paroubek et
approach leads
restrictive premodification
hisamitsu et
speech generation
study must
e semantic
watch tv
bub et
act ions
similar trend
annotators using
optimal rules
definition strings
maximum string
motion trajectories
background system
polysemous noun
learning task
v holds
peripheral devices
particular phrase
every row
spans two
third experiment
collaborative technologies
transformation matrix
interface layer
certain readings
voting constraint
assign exactly
use local
predicate verbs
slash set
output p
conventional parsing
noise ratio
unsorted data
speaker utterance
verification subdialogs
describe certain
acute need
internal level
approach could
usually cause
cell category
compared results
situated communication
single form
fall prey
technical means
automata could
a114a80a7a6a113 a14
overall generation
type structures
v2 position
dominant pattern
dans lesquels
symmetric relations
unification requires
sublanguage theory
spoken lectures
lambda forms
using lexico
interactive systems
sentence marks
135 texts
best training
sequence pairs
verbs identified
relevant discourse
higher complexity
cette r
also satisfies
dependent approach
vector b
le lieu
automated method
extended hmms
thematic boundaries
discounted value
space probe
tracking pov
file corresponding
minimal sentence
translational probability
models based
soon system
parse method
annealing technique
philosophical tradition
infinitival constructions
perform within
correct document
number associated
process descriptions
base lexeme
value could
simple bayesian
e may
xtra system
patterns appearing
observing word
different alignment
following non
reported metrics
rules included
grained description
set formed
k metric
e first
story generator
dynamic category
disambiguated corpus
outstanding issue
regular inference
john came
red block
model obtained
experience shows
procedural network
subject extraction
accessibility condition
th attribute
human level
view factorization
automated learning
veterinary medicine
noinsert model
considerations show
control features
processing bakeoff
repairing rules
model algorithm
tagging result
properties common
feature fires
local rhetorical
aussi bien
used type
industry type
exact comparison
assessment data
names begin
uniform parsing
based search
preference scores
short title
produces smaller
results obtained
build tools
possible stem
kiss mary
postal service
constants denoting
tagged key
average coverage
life tasks
leaves represent
threading technique
web crawling
possible pairings
following slots
test protocol
microprocessor environment
important noun
ai techniques
shows five
different summary
word lookup
numerical representation
filtering process
different paraphrases
spoken corpora
paper goes
pragmatic criteria
empirical approaches
defining concept
syllable recognition
performance improves
interactive search
contract hr0011
simply results
one coherence
using thesaurus
simple events
hot agency
letter grade
particular relations
provide broad
related resources
extracted sentences
single categories
time inverse
replacement rules
mrr score
data sent
sentence database
parallel text
annotation formats
access process
given nodes
per file
available language
algorithm without
includes relations
document types
cityu corpora
break tagged
parameters used
nine subjects
triangular area
fire v
unlabeled accuracy
single trees
winding number
avoid making
briefly discusses
third iteration
sentence used
a13 a15
geometric structure
conceptual diagram
information accurately
textual domains
researcher must
position 1
module needs
la tienda
neighbouring segments
concern mainly
corresponding unique
economic affairs
following stages
korean documents
mapping c
mappings would
sur un
use perplexity
processing example
constituent grammar
different query
stepwise linear
electronic publication
polar type
masculine form
punctuation removed
us access
rules failed
rater score
find first
weaker constraints
many definitions
actions related
generally works
syntactic conditions
current pair
different second
reliable correspondence
node k
dl classifier
3 lines
improve chinese
one onto
scoring interpretations
de d6part
3 translation
object component
issuing queries
either non
rule interaction
overall correction
training run
p follows
several correct
new piece
complete lattice
object sentences
separate groups
head relationship
backward beam
selected plan
extremely time
boundary strength
ir component
explicit sentence
head daughters
good number
string parser
shuffle relation
terminology bank
results support
compositional manner
visual metaphors
vocabulary containing
answer elimination
marking sentence
smt engine
words forms
choice depends
segmentation reduces
la notation
incremental discourse
computer companies
wp database
candidate nodes
graph using
syntactic dependent
multimodal interpretations
different error
possible company
benchmark ontology
satisfaction precedence
without user
quantificational nps
bears similarities
independent set
nonsingleton sets
response delay
type requirement
microphone speech
every paragraph
mental processes
constituent unit
semantic sortal
adding knowledge
domain rather
three pounds
case etc
first lexicon
null come
terminological reasoning
search services
total focus
nouns without
two edges
complex nps
head data
one super
results attained
classes cover
german results
management goals
order derivatives
following hold
japanese phrase
mt uses
basic level
shows parts
der detektiv
goal items
aged people
geographical entities
best l
observed difference
thursday morning
thus contribute
subject head
hypothetical rule
documents often
handmade thesaurus
new constructs
property instances
acm sigir
experiments support
brown corpora
heuristic methods
times per
mass term
next sentence
cannot apply
object identified
primary class
responses file
length would
open archives
correct database
two modifiers
english surface
source provides
varies depending
permit one
extracted cci
period associated
paraphrasing sentences
examples drawn
p f
complicate matters
rule elements
audio output
structures may
module allows
order distribution
k dimensional
comsec cable
significant investment
advanced word
r must
consistent among
a28 a29
weight words
ga restr
probabilistic constraints
verbs seem
within slice
formal proof
later experiments
trained lexicographers
est peu
specific definition
annotation methodology
employ two
scfs acquired
higher line
reflect better
selected variables
context u
problems result
dlt system
common subsumer
optional slot
category relaxation
comp 1
dialogue partners
swedish institute
text filter
machinery would
possible subconstituents
richard sproat
phrasal alignments
revolutionary device
system specifies
2 eng
features structures
pair might
expectation module
second data
computer programs
dimensions simultaneously
abductive reasoning
active plan
quantified formulas
argument pps
bayesian method
agent needs
obligatory control
finke et
corresponding value
criteria proposed
ranks assigned
representing constraints
resulting n
einen brief
grant numbers
ten iterations
indicative mood
complex sign
see introduction
figure 10
scoring answer
applying default
perceptual field
see among
model corresponds
methods within
negative aspects
case marking
morphological variation
make recognition
becomes trivial
cost assignment
processes involving
nodes either
derivation procedure
like thai
missing vocabulary
metaphoric expressions
outer quantifier
performance around
seen verbs
3m words
dependency net
lcg account
noun instead
drs represents
horizontal line
deterministic analysis
noun dictionaries
associated relations
sem values
manual coding
average running
approximate algorithms
held within
stepwise fashion
cut bread
operator indicating
infinitive construction
local pos
downhill simplex
bayesian learning
integer division
programming optimization
accomplishment verb
fast decision
telic event
branch factor
answer like
facts hold
grammatical transformations
collected corpus
database oriented
language parse
computerized information
table may
contain w
j w
score associated
main corpus
ambiguity string
2 hidden
search iterations
0 features
12 cepstrum
values included
appropriate combination
cluster information
see lappin
achieves results
meeting window
character word
traditional ir
explicitly ignores
diet soda
verbs exhibiting
exceptional forms
cor model
je suis
figure ib
jewels usually
main approach
ordinary sentence
systems research
traditional keyword
provides functions
3 people
planner determines
entry via
words long
form chains
paper focus
nodes related
intonational contours
41 cases
per chance
comprehensive review
first stem
substantial way
words aligned
unrecognized words
additional manual
information leads
using xerox
declarative linguistic
description within
elements identified
root word
recognition technologies
adjectives co
rocket launches
another dictionary
place definite
contraction rule
another tree
driven programs
ie application
cognitive tutor
whose left
knowledge since
via wordnet
intended application
test hypotheses
clean teapots
extragrammatical sentences
attribute 1
produce parse
many np
former rule
containing relative
domain network
paper reviews
certain number
clear decision
tone recognition
define partial
recall errors
arabic training
word seems
preposition phrase
given text
html forms
word classes
summaries provide
new formalisms
resulting constituents
action formula
lexical space
matching rule
information could
english head
algorithm schema
np home
sentences differently
real end
contextual information
function could
000 randomly
independent study
relative merit
maintenance manual
content selector
syllabification task
user probably
demon model
upper right
structured entities
discarding irrelevant
c without
definite function
lexical underspecification
common human
existing description
different category
n string
lr technique
ibm system
ces r
computer network
hence could
research process
textual units
thousand years
generic representation
generate complex
stochastic transducer
judgments yielded
represent dependencies
selected attribute
define x
orthographical mapping
list ranking
form context
best lattices
specifying values
3 list
implementation detail
person referred
word object
example sentence
unary reductions
response produced
case shown
gre algorithms
woman x
four pieces
contains 100
search neighborhood
letters followed
error instances
tile unification
hand coded
project hookah
actions including
several scenarios
time text
one conjunction
dominates z
point identification
platform independent
spurte anne
evaluate algorithms
show good
word score
cyclic terms
running texts
technology areas
phase parsing
style parser
article containing
verbs together
word frame
always terminates
text spans
error checking
performance came
oriented interactions
forest unpacking
extracted sentiment
parser searches
one individual
parse ranking
forms must
free representation
1 algorithm
subject gap
verb belongs
string value
paraphrase sentence
short input
models tested
word filtering
two pseudo
specific intonation
e si
directly project
feature term
truth functional
knowledge affects
hi addition
tagging results
compact text
situation types
together form
structure resulting
yor language
krippendorff 1980
est excellent
among translation
inferred model
explicit answer
aided design
highest certainty
many tags
models word
13 classes
probabilistie model
fundamental distinction
medical association
experts may
spatial commonality
nominal mention
plan schemata
clitic le
different genres
artificial intelligence
trigram analysis
performing inference
alignment approaches
pilot evaluation
begin set
purpose adjuncts
selected types
rank highly
particular messages
computing term
perplexity measure
scores go
entire thesaurus
probabilities cannot
identical information
identifies patterns
contains l
linguistic entities
full names
derived verb
communication act
scale implementations
intersentential relationships
different directions
evaluation scheme
concrete application
multiple phrases
naval resource
top list
recursive feature
epsilon transitions
level change
discriminating senses
relations found
statistical representation
extraction functions
human translation
learning problem
xrs rules
using bag
translation occurs
token string
features encountered
sense tagger
1 enters
dependency annotation
finite complement
newswire text
algorithms tend
appropriate english
diverse problems
whose pre
old framework
ga takai
pushdown automata
hierarchical level
generalization performance
corresponding set
dialogue games
results lead
relating senses
physical positions
using graph
highly domain
turkish text
perform reasonably
high amount
mapping appears
translations would
underlying hmm
noun agreement
structure created
k n
grammar processing
good performances
phrase count
possible rule
maps x
kent cigarettes
extrinsic measure
strategy cannot
showing examples
japanese terms
sound combinations
electronic essay
orthographical rules
documents via
specific ner
h q
parser developed
data takes
red nodes
network corresponding
previous trec
hotel booking
eight topics
greater chance
summarization strategy
arise due
frequent use
model proposed
question involves
rule class
terminal points
biomedical documents
associated state
engine produces
coreference configuration
real situation
compression set
des tombe
another meaning
major events
important module
using parameters
implicit semantics
exist certain
like a2
coding features
oriented information
consistency checks
bigram back
a102 bow
phrases 1
many mapping
accepted definition
problems involving
third factor
uniform algorithm
actual entities
a23 a129
long definitions
terminology used
predicates contained
subtree level
corresponding fragment
uneven distribution
answer pinpointing
spatial model
based categorization
particular version
pronominal adverb
problem disappears
becomes relevant
direct grammatical
method correctly
quantitative linguistic
elements seem
nition sentence
features generally
pronouns usually
grammatical notions
information retrieval
expression recognizer
knowledge data
derive linguistic
useful constraints
languages respectively
resolution involves
dependent must
shallow level
single author
arcs pointing
accurate tools
intelligence systems
use fixed
best describe
contemporary language
motional event
analysis showed
uniquely identifies
single high
mt sys
checker must
18 characters
general tend
first examine
important conceptual
semantical information
numerical index
rank list
validation experiments
word transcription
primitive parts
general inquirer
multimodal drawing
oriented work
final experiment
ot learning
provide precision
representational state
relation l
similarity package
higher class
main uses
page pairs
college junior
home page
individual input
linguists often
require relatively
contains translation
buckley et
phrases constituting
proof manager
distinguishing terms
corresponding system
linguistic co
verb data
model treats
present parser
cognate identi
style evaluation
computing science
tick marks
travel information
member sentences
subjects given
frequency rules
another crucial
retrieved web
rst analysis
goal type
hector levesque
december 1983
da modeling
called n
containing nouns
two tools
net representations
tags allow
represent coherence
1 languages
test different
mood system
biomedical journals
incremental interaction
el beneficio
stress entropy
two respects
statistical study
phoneme labels
generated sentence
quine 1960
technical writer
aspectual realization
recognition technology
words classified
optimal decoding
several articles
pattern features
clauses seem
mutation operations
researchers began
natural change
relevant tr
realization modules
one cf
speech application
pattern also
good knowledge
compression system
tile truth
recorded meetings
december 1985
description length
longman group
latter algorithm
sentence probabilities
tile generator
attachment relation
verb combinations
3 specifies
lexicalized cfgs
basic translation
problems introduced
register documents
r contextually
passive arcs
increasing n
causes somebody
bilingual grammar
infinite derivations
whether r
longer history
adequate syntactic
b unit
original inside
discourse via
formal consistency
unexplored area
generalised predicative
character model
contiguous tokens
heuristics allow
dynamic hypertext
fiction domains
inference links
say g
determination rules
less variation
occurs whenever
call simply
lateral inhibition
consider information
30 topics
prefix length
transitional period
nodes appear
discourse structuring
time since
phonological grammar
classes could
function fp
axioms derived
heterogeneous components
hazen et
relations generated
value decreases
standard lfg
deep analysis
20k test
attitudes expressed
plus que
recognized utterance
query parameters
4 give
set grows
one ancestor
parser links
informational perspective
indexing time
legal parse
using test
generate two
trigram baseline
always sufficient
seem strange
simple variable
normal input
specific abduction
speech wave
acoustic analyser
weighted ranks
ject np
gram results
latest utterance
word initial
antibiotic blood
recall goes
rightmost dependent
several grammar
past vs
preliminary studies
free syntax
consider alternatives
set containing
centroid distributions
string set
creating templates
presley die
word correspondences
successor states
similar reasons
list patients
par leur
one transducer
linguistic pattern
situation schemata
linear structures
whose meanings
use parts
stop devoicing
problem lies
phonetic errors
majority class
one cases
sentences show
similar nodes
exhaustive lists
john love
expected structure
knowledge found
belief states
format shown
grading scheme
existing language
new parser
consistent hypotheses
sophisticated method
avoid division
2 discourse
avoid failing
extracted pairs
discussed problems
technical words
event predicates
rte 2006
information extra
grammar b
noun grouping
depends essentially
current lexicon
corpus documents
unrestricted grammar
tides project
identifies concepts
declarative rule
et n
elicitation procedure
consolidation module
major threat
vp ellipses
matching non
semantic relevance
ii examination
learning features
une relation
reduced forms
system sometimes
allows systems
modeling systems
learning also
particular term
based results
novel paraphrases
newer version
a19 a10
kernel combination
primitive decomposition
earlier experiment
corpus two
multiparty dialogue
accurate classification
different permutations
limit theorem
q cannot
1990 atis
corresponding words
operation consists
classification tools
humans could
vers un
abrasive events
default category
pronoun resolver
also ignore
agreement information
parallel relation
language families
n links
also contribute
catawba indians
individual np
old training
best approximate
argument variables
dramatic example
object pairs
system frame
causative transitive
term speaker
mmr formula
elements together
wrong alignments
pronoun could
words except
words occurs
bilinear covers
candidate utterances
future applications
set cannot
extreme cases
initial fragments
zero level
pragmatic requirements
find satisfaction
processing chain
transition type
database manager
environment built
tasks one
given relationship
present evaluation
departure times
2 tp
text consisting
lookup table
coherence resolution
alexandria digital
first rule
observation noise
per object
long np
deletion errors
sentence translates
tag without
significant part
low risk
single corpus
vitale algorithm
building complex
logic grammars
sentences exhibit
possible empty
classification without
fourth line
identifying appropriate
labelled recall
three points
tabular lr
schemas syntaxiques
durative verb
foot must
grammars constructed
view bootstrapping
w condition
hates every
yield optimal
finally generates
utterance fits
small counts
aid users
progress towards
structure constrains
per frame
corner parser
single approach
idiomatic reading
multiple source
l 5
low ranks
lists extracted
required constituents
phrase disk
java applet
big picture
null interpretation
frequency ranks
itg parsing
returns several
lisp machine
single state
single site
answer users
level matching
overlay model
coverage could
differences concerning
exponential amount
express syntactic
phrasal constituents
construction procedure
vague predicates
governing verb
metadata information
whereas others
additional error
predicate takes
software application
news analysts
integral part
larger size
pairwise decisions
figure shown
nlp approach
role labels
models similar
corpus even
clauses together
discourse situation
clear differences
data complexity
symbols needed
5000 word
understanding researchers
delimiter comma
claimed responsibility
point increase
14 texts
several hundreds
leaves behind
specific parameter
potential interaction
identifies possible
valued parameters
affect tile
representation needs
50 verbs
posterior odds
one phrase
normalization algorithm
terms provided
t2 v
paraphrasing pairs
report generator
natural process
partial search
explanations based
certain knowledge
earning credit
collocation data
p parameter
person feminine
head may
initial process
case l
written speech
aforementioned problems
producing promising
null path
maps wffl
utterance 4
gqa systems
linking module
smoothing values
nested noun
shows word
relevant attributes
head first
un mangeur
good clues
embedded mt
functional aggregation
np trace
target predicates
continue beyond
english alphabets
representation reflects
application systems
la 3
speech dialogue
possible non
inferred propositions
production processes
1 lead
level accounts
based resources
nodes indicate
japanese based
precision increased
boolean vector
knowledge generated
error occurs
paper classifies
office manager
english key
equations describing
specified surface
better rank
possible improvements
different depths
assigned scores
many shortcomings
time data
speech symbol
entering data
distinguishing descriptive
inherited properties
independent levels
null function
good statistical
without limit
paths defined
node reflects
undersampling rate
different heads
component engines
une telle
numerous languages
equivalent minimal
verb say
analysis builds
effective techniques
environnement de
entire graph
multiple propositions
context table
notation could
server via
features indicating
corpus tagging
beneficial effect
way users
shows us
overall dialogue
definition words
work around
possible slots
good discussion
make apparent
lexicalize cfgs
extended dialogue
expressions within
ph x
big man
texts provided
noisy sentences
phrase type
previous attempt
acceptance criteria
basic list
compact data
simple statement
type sentence
module contains
c2c conversion
resulting parse
false value
others fail
different analyses
destructive change
system tells
full phrase
multiple human
agreement expected
different cues
dice scores
several senses
complete representation
space provides
respective definitions
significant changes
elementary rtcs
tasks using
distinct codes
proper term
scale grammars
sampling distribution
pilot system
overparsing operations
prolog goal
hp method
representations defined
word case
rosario et
symmetrical relations
parsing frameworks
interaction description
within seconds
anaphoric phenomena
numerous attempts
noun cooccurrence
contain syntactic
pole frequency
generated answer
stack contains
pair must
original audio
rules rather
pairwise kappa
find anyone
reasonable length
production mt
dc power
features already
descriptive approach
method defined
dialogue predictor
theories developed
diverse range
given signature
based markov
linguistic phoneme
presentation form
propagation machinery
topic tend
whose sizes
rank values
reduce table
smith teaching
following condition
shock graph
incomplete nodes
symbol p
words cause
newswire data
rule probability
dertien minuten
la figure
blackburn et
relative markedness
term variant
head nouns
entry verb
syntactic encoding
detailed computational
japanese term
cosine function
sense based
sowa 1984
traditional interpretation
knowledge stores
sentence reordering
mass media
long period
muc scorer
corresponding role
turkish data
uncertainty equations
quantified expression
label sentences
spontaneous conversations
similar text
small list
tense feature
matching tiles
linguistic relationships
various reasons
type learning
future research
refined language
semantics depends
sentence a0
bracketing itgs
entry device
segmentation performance
japanese zero
statistical disambiguators
local representation
structure modeling
normalized arc
language inferences
suffix array
ten languages
order filter
hector sense
various nodes
sequence memory
true boundaries
128 mb
synchronous tags
little chance
shared plans
complexity limit
simpler methods
unit boundaries
grammars might
answer class
document representation
single representative
greater score
argument types
treat word
supplies us
following sub
phonetic conversion
predictive combinator
individual predictions
raw materials
substitution probabilities
memory efficient
fresh information
previous subsections
several authors
top kernel
systematic studies
patient received
linguistic context
constraints vote
features vary
language procedural
several dictionaries
text concerning
unit size
human intuitions
cubic time
common nps
spoken interface
singular sense
sparse subsequences
limited lexicon
clustering systems
rules 4
3 frames
association lists
arabicized software
shallow translation
traditional maximum
fackler schiavo
methods outperform
update formula
project verbmobil
class bigram
disambiguating context
highe r
theory adapted
thus corresponds
c research
complicated rules
problem instance
dependency syntactic
consider x
pass scoring
decision procedures
higher probability
yang et
tropical storm
predicate like
given relation
functions given
early stages
processing scheme
verbal np
lexlcal cohesion
impressive coverage
assume f
based uncertainty
sentence utility
support efficient
used sections
several modalities
ocr pass
marked patterns
wider applicability
related utterances
xerox corpus
2 ghz
20 points
original grammar
3rd plateau
certain template
adjacent chunks
appropriate e
5 verb
support different
ou qui
senses called
contains 38
one tagger
paraphrase recognition
mts system
probabilistic distributions
great flexibility
additional category
pos act
boundary candidates
dialogue takes
words compared
second kind
fourth columns
grammar book
150 sentences
virtual annotation
linking specification
new oxford
sort hierarchy
systran system
original bn
creating coreference
formed syllables
reversible system
lexicalized xrs
template slots
em process
called donkey
collect counts
individual rules
parallel models
method splits
following ten
sound semantic
building two
component classifiers
specific section
multiple sentences
official muc
pairwise classifications
system internals
boundaries must
text normalization
indicative summary
poor stories
seven documents
sense assignments
actual context
figure 2c
church 1991
classifier correctly
boas project
class d1
used simple
des dictionnaires
terms 2
following schema
thesis statement
23 sentences
related language
place names
tight connection
restricted version
dialog would
items alone
posterior context
meets bob
speaker b
agenda item
attributive adjective
information output
chinese data
reference label
separate input
manual scoring
system ham
3 classes
iet j
either sub
aspectual auxiliaries
response pattern
preprocessing tool
like quantifiers
attachment may
parsing procedure
australian research
dependent phrases
client software
threshold parameter
study mentioned
category cj
constituency structure
information efficiently
coded knowledge
predicted output
czech sentences
type 5
online reviews
processes text
translation process
wide evaluation
data elements
bootstrap resampling
discontinuous segments
issues specific
usin g
correctly selects
major discourse
stored episode
two disadvantages
rule deals
entity candidates
preference statements
personal assistants
severely limits
plan representation
significant impact
search path
text grammar
pauses may
partial result
text categorisation
subject boundaries
sbar complement
recall graphs
included clauses
player knows
level two
acquired predominant
main finding
practical effability
lexical constituent
marker word
engine used
animation output
sound may
autolearn system
space h
node annotations
graphical language
sentence contain
first non
radj structure
12 person
recherche de
also efficient
present set
normalization function
eliminate candidate
equations 3
expert knows
simple procedure
times required
bad effects
input format
remaining utterances
written guidelines
protein pair
training databases
face spoken
token number
fourth class
useful generalizations
multilingual resource
hollywood talent
yun nie
lexical specificity
although subjects
increases slightly
economic domain
formed parse
error compared
grammar describes
total occurrence
index look
local thresholding
en anglais
work emphasizes
fail operator
form information
different experts
triple rules
successful unifications
final factor
performance differences
exploit domain
different inflections
archival database
parallelism preferences
individual referent
constituents constructed
every pronoun
neural networks
construction gives
fewer words
shows example
questions provided
graph show
multiple possibilities
guesser assigned
dependency probability
verb selection
stimulus condition
sentence speech
nuclear weapons
reduction algorithm
spanish document
retrieval area
average confidence
nhk broadcast
annotation instances
variation according
base verb
candidate summaries
functions corresponding
training collections
patterns involving
hence x
potentially offers
f words
trees among
parsing preferences
information appropriately
french parallel
general applicability
maximal subtree
verb semantic
cognitive function
text unit
word triphone
dialogue rules
feature indices
ontology creation
like h
collaborative discourse
banking application
extensive range
element occurs
health benefits
table n
direct governors
compositional approach
smallest number
annotation checking
semantic dependency
linguistic claim
susan armstrong
semantic templates
identify segments
words convey
system retains
generation project
word phonetic
lp dimension
works similarly
10 abstracts
canonic form
general communication
line defines
z occurs
underspecified description
means considering
component concept
2 w
one fact
a2 a7
appositive relations
2 female
tile c
paper considers
first stages
node appears
copyright holders
values rather
makes predictions
similar metrics
closer look
measure reflects
distinguished node
section describing
local syntax
independent assumption
acl special
closed set
form compound
pairwise compatibility
expectations suggest
correspondence h
learning gains
quantifiers take
top score
low pr
col verbs
following applications
grammar defects
thus lead
binary articulatory
top frame
complement corpus
past literature
corresponding operator
present system
generating explanations
commercial transactions
admittedly ad
sentence segment
voice command
new occurrence
support algorithm
class expressions
many users
admissible heuristics
reduplication string
full binary
tags without
multiclassifier accuracy
primitive word
simple kinds
john would
another fundamental
separate np
translation times
qui doit
tree methods
specific strategies
dialogue like
generating sentences
byla bych
small chance
experiment carried
example given
sg 1
verb may
mistaken belief
mood operator
various text
weak correlation
compositional behavior
asymptotic behaviour
2 elements
taken part
meet rule
bigram parser
lexicon expansion
sentence discourses
verb first
metonymical word
input speed
respective tags
metonymic relation
computational grounds
across groups
roman script
word voting
terminal screen
entire verb
individual slot
lexicon via
atmospheric blanket
appropriate sets
x precision
service task
tractable approach
versus non
change rules
level structure
prolog clauses
digit codes
rule substitutes
price paid
198 questions
phrase reference
event predicate
interpretation constraints
ground units
correct time
level tagging
interdependencies among
singl e
localization classes
estimated score
new fragment
perform significantly
request speech
relevant probability
tutoring domain
certainly increase
confusion network
4 means
10 cases
le parall
disambiguation experiments
correct speech
japanese texts
indirect association
test phase
collocations identified
segmentation inconsistencies
task run
sql statement
morphological analysers
valency patterns
examples labeled
best versions
maximal onset
length edges
functionality rules
current rule
measure allows
important characteristics
noun matches
provided training
richer source
da types
metaphorical extension
qui en
exceptional processing
general point
probabilistic head
answers within
12 training
nearby context
recognize specific
computer vision
templates must
2 annotation
strategy employed
restrictive relative
pound sign
geometrical interpretation
action described
closed system
corresponding sequences
search boundary
words derived
fine distinction
gale 1993
non context
capitalization feature
generation techniques
poor speech
word properties
german language
precision increases
model components
webber 1982
express generation
discrimination oriented
semantics alone
common document
unmatched test
identifying description
second proposition
preposition de
activation patterns
article form
standard morphological
challenging problems
3 states
line indicates
applications would
hashing list
situation representation
mwe compositionality
ba language
htk toolkit
performance increase
perform parsing
fully capture
intentional goal
ellen okurowski
select information
words necessary
revision support
normalized representation
functional object
contiguous substrings
turn affects
frequency class
formal accounts
distribution whose
composition may
definite components
elementary sentences
counts given
local role
propositional logic
typical errors
regular morphological
question mails
correct segment
psychological process
word wt
improve parser
focus rather
complete matches
available choices
modifying constituent
plausible grammars
contain specific
similar relationship
fixed structure
headword h
order probabilities
null dard
product ne
verbs according
weight factors
kb accessors
whole noun
rasta algorithm
features active
extracts many
information bearing
qlf representations
time relative
yarowsky 1993
lower window
fait que
distinguishing word
deverbal adjectives
foreign document
target pairs
combining grammar
resolved feature
kw list
frames like
word descriptions
word pairings
ambiguities encountered
without determiners
per argument
word sl
scale analysis
cation process
candidate models
hommes de
data attributes
comes fi
salient feature
simple generative
sense word
english within
lexicon given
greater ease
4 evaluation
bare infinitive
results easily
dm l
first generates
oas errors
approach bears
flat strings
semantic proof
molecular binding
nuclear arms
master file
3 illustrates
use noun
constituent embedding
successive phases
natural structure
many instantiations
tensed sentences
semigroup algebra
indispensable tool
later time
set 8
initial structure
rates using
mean noun
subordinate concepts
syntactic binding
simple concatenative
lp constraint
support automated
procedure shows
dictionary tools
internal object
singular forms
let h
state transducers
major obstacle
grammars based
closing bracket
relative contributions
similar data
strict guidelines
discourse history
parse table
target predicate
following research
ib 1
system employs
umls concept
using search
functions defined
revised version
related summaries
text instead
based medicine
local morpho
xml output
v represents
spanish parallel
ic class
denote states
general text
implicit associates
predicative nouns
entry systems
monolingual system
filtered data
exact match
sets gave
addresses one
elementary predicates
conversion models
orthographic constraints
sandewall 1972
models discussed
ontology used
including bi
entity coherence
word wh
binding relations
compositional uses
type thesaurus
labeling training
windows nt
world tasks
diverse collection
groups 3
candidate selection
link clustering
difficult process
story contains
native model
real systems
content repository
remaining relation
wide set
noun disambiguation
concrete surface
substitution grammar
contained multiple
subjective evaluation
correctness definition
formalism makes
take part
anaphor occurs
atlas system
disjunctions may
red handle
answer resolution
benchmark performance
correct senses
relation indicated
null values
candidate semantic
unknown length
white dog
naive grammar
du temps
model analysis
whose contents
section 3
specific task
five lines
new words
units rather
primitive event
error process
noun part
human object
japanese entries
five translation
tomek strzalkowski
part words
expression r
segmentation 1
keyword antifilter
lists words
run without
overcome using
grammar thus
accurately represent
rules governing
interactive text
generic names
correct attachment
make systems
document index
real life
david powers
various metrics
described language
smaller objects
approach introduces
j topic
v e
useful extraction
gn lexicon
markov features
full version
probability feature
mixture densities
human score
construction strategy
performs substantially
chasen morphological
generative modeling
thus improves
i1 en
using development
120 templates
partially bound
type recognition
ceta system
determining sentence
backwards dictionaries
one asks
words occurred
construct knowledge
partial results
preceding examples
tts applications
official scores
null quence
5 systems
specialized words
common database
whose classification
one meaningful
link might
residual output
analysis 1
speaker describes
complex stories
complete disambiguation
labeled dependencies
experimental process
time may
different f
underlying strings
sequential processing
hybrid methods
em hans
appropriate framework
support function
topic nodes
compare favourably
text macro
multiple nps
consider string
linguistic constituent
correct alternative
theme must
scale ontology
illocutionary act
briefly characterized
category distribution
research continuation
1500 texts
candidate may
given moment
core concept
della pietra
concatenation grammar
cannot reduce
single consensus
parse derivation
different definition
pair considered
representation shown
similar projects
pzm6fs microphone
points concerning
nodes indicates
military personnel
actually means
separate rules
better ways
two k
free conjunction
formatting features
method associates
last property
features often
word repetition
parallel glosses
characteristic phoneme
valid parse
considerable computational
isolated queries
also corresponds
surface level
language proficiency
iteratively improves
ing words
state hmm
additional analyses
mark l
large document
system lexicon
common principles
optimisation process
free individual
positions rather
covariation lexicon
multilingual thesauri
integrated grammar
role name
existing frameworks
format file
small frames
graham bell
speech transcripts
main act
control could
verbal action
tool set
evaluation gold
applicable rule
english wn
contain clauses
specific decisions
tone systems
partitioned network
restructuring verb
label pairs
object according
suffix deg
alan greenspan
evaluation contexts
phrases modified
static way
restricted texts
mt component
deg deg
computation starts
two databases
given target
fighter jet
structural possibilities
detected conflict
basic classes
programming effort
items belonging
4 percent
associated phrases
including function
agreement rate
pattern space
similar queries
conceptual level
linear sentence
v f
three cleft
actual constituent
programming environments
user needs
estimating word
purposive discourse
one zero
bilingual transfer
speaker mentions
development corporation
2 et
known senses
basic quantitative
characteristic context
syllable weight
calculate recall
english ne
information dialogues
error occurred
given kind
appropriate criteria
taking care
end word
guideline violations
overall figures
per thousand
symbols appearing
string identity
second name
negative imperatives
rinaldi et
interactive aid
embedded sentence
since dependency
sanda harabagiu
cbl algorithm
receives input
extracted corpora
since templates
term 2
analyses given
basic object
distance computation
minimum expected
figurative senses
internal states
attachment choices
gibbs distributions
third requirement
optimal correction
catizone et
individual users
movement sentences
constituent part
op cit
expression used
time nouns
help function
la duree
relevant sample
time linear
matches resulting
analysts would
important effect
collaborative interaction
also function
linguistic interactions
positions 4
position 3
3 case
universal constraint
modality expression
labeling l
many copies
basic score
rule derivations
small classes
deduction proof
stochastic word
function add
fragment analysis
af liation
iterative em
candidate target
basic frame
question interpretation
base systems
plain words
represent explicitly
heuristic patterns
current non
related models
output variables
fast rule
extraction engines
efficiency issue
lexicographer interface
yokota air
passage p
human transcription
lynette hirschman
longest sequence
primary application
monolingual syntax
key prediction
process 4
dependent component
classify names
solving methods
representation level
p 6
structure types
often help
another algorithm
topological relation
closure operator
ehlert measure
dependent sentences
full term
name occurrences
increasing amounts
specification using
coffee growing
incomplete data
testing performance
matching sub
five people
contain references
mot qui
filter applied
operator test
rate shown
grammar share
underlying parser
statistical problems
dialogue annotation
calculation method
algorithm c
stage assigns
trained users
node level
rules insert
ccg category
weinstein unpublished
features needed
across verbs
content management
information attached
subsumption pairs
binding site
random selections
simpler feature
analyzer based
symbol denoting
fast scientist
learning space
original ontologies
twe questions
multiple paragraphs
information dissemination
preselected words
sense example
various data
judgment sets
disagreement upper
quinlan 1986
incoming text
valid rs
elements according
many heuristics
time permitted
compositional collocation
advanced nlg
corrective measures
graphical models
decoding approach
compound forms
expert annotator
based metrics
directional constraints
best transliteration
multilingual parser
term knowledge
3 g
lead sentences
tense logic
news corpus
reference hmm
seating arrangement
parsing steps
large beam
suffix 1
logistic function
location sub
also envisage
pages 29
many occasions
sense model
case indicated
restricts us
roles could
initial labelling
ppm model
inclusion condition
main source
four positions
dialogue initiative
one decides
system would
acquiring word
additional checks
relative relations
mapping file
introduce errors
modified node
verb attach
frame feature
examples throughout
infinitesimal stroke
chance co
total orderings
natural extension
ilp problem
coreference types
anaphoric examples
using implicit
multiclass problem
decoder used
mt prototype
various combinations
10 terms
single inference
domain experts
intention layer
document body
detect topic
relation node
resulting constraint
linguistic information
news site
171 questions
1 decision
local coherence
regular type
large database
statistical extractor
true meaning
see dale
proof structure
unsupervised hmm
expensive operations
formal structure
australian english
sense similar
interface specifications
entity names
4 set
per stem
effective representation
disambiguating information
relative depth
better extraction
answer generation
bit lower
simple steps
spread across
scoring systems
sided test
previous implementation
sugar maple
english monolingual
also lead
15 sentences
prosodic transcription
frequent affixes
remaining models
labels belonging
clauses according
obtain training
insurance number
xml representations
declarative layer
parsing strategy
different prediction
writing ability
linguistic alternatives
interpreting questions
span size
analyses corresponding
language dependency
catvar database
relationships present
genitive forms
stress marking
segmentation standards
appropriate training
always assign
computer experts
p denotes
frequent translation
correct scf
core arguments
lower energy
ri similarity
accurate measure
simplified description
anatomical structures
descriptions would
syllabic pivot
editing term
query weight
precedesequal q
tag generator
speaker views
unigram co
requisite knowledge
types require
taxonomic relationships
voting process
linguistic work
gram language
cts system
one de
phonetic features
since robust
global key
labelled precision
early copying
sentences belonging
16 classes
event calculus
monetary values
vp meaning
preferred scoping
student research
complement must
informer span
correlation analysis
potential goal
merge search
compares well
minor break
2002 test
extractors using
50 rules
clausal constituency
language researchers
work experience
phrases describing
like apples
possible sub
2 steps
interaction models
entire search
similarity rather
simple strategy
actual information
semantic consistency
trees satisfying
stressed vowels
ovs sentences
keyword weighting
scalability issues
c refers
process expression
network architectures
rank ordering
various projects
query result
procedural definition
comprises one
processing filter
thank peter
low resolution
negative feedback
mass distribution
actual token
pairs include
tire user
generic reading
competing approaches
large parallel
consequent states
users interact
lines given
particular human
punctuation words
zero values
nonempty set
root element
parent feature
move objects
sherri data
algorithm allows
obvious strategy
idiosyncratic interpretation
whether joe
singular antecedent
seeker may
good overall
word varies
beam search
chinese nouns
straightforward manner
measures may
silverman et
widely divergent
order grammar
technical abstracts
oil system
cluster number
agents tend
every position
writing programs
subcat values
evaluation plan
isa word
artificial domains
heeman 1997
includes human
chunks returned
value mismatch
young girl
pps headed
collaborations among
modules must
second direction
text average
whether speech
largest category
4 system
user turn
reestimated probability
best viewed
dat hij
every output
lkb grammar
success probability
boundary units
la luce
features via
clause feature
retrieval technologies
detected frame
d0d3d7d7 cud9d2crd8cxd3d2
curves represent
enhance system
argument representation
greedy generator
suitable description
leading candidate
a102a104a103 aucun
eleven languages
tokens given
supports multiple
crucial shortcomings
user annotations
whose importance
open list
single phrases
specific paraphrase
automated search
producing translations
chien 1997
un ou
ascii text
different scale
plake et
relevant references
users navigate
root followed
diagnostic procedure
output types
seems straightforward
japanese question
see baker
process holds
benefactive dative
probability decreases
entire development
complexity measure
events using
descriptions stated
expressions occurring
matrix 1
develop dialogue
explore methods
order time
analysis tools
instances classified
general data
formula containing
default definition
given proposition
tomorrow morning
lexicalization patterns
segmentation without
relevance using
successful evaluation
true tag
output weights
quantified formula
membership probability
language checking
active areas
structure schemata
mistake bound
translational distributions
correlated pairs
following combination
like problem
achieve additional
text view
original ibm
meta5 program
tree retrieval
wilks 1978
cp 2
pel sequences
mandarin dialect
case seems
graphical editors
asymmetric default
left knuckle
vso language
obtenir une
paper make
false presupposition
links traversed
scoring script
sufficient resources
two correlation
context coherency
natural deduction
indexical pronouns
verbal conjugation
span punctuation
every x
similar relative
satisfies f
needs additional
entity extractor
higher energy
avoir des
check algorithm
separate line
recursive noun
likelihood ratios
design team
following interesting
last fifteen
cheng et
random variable
1000 sentences
becomes part
tangled hierarchies
correspondence problem
modular nature
relative corpus
terminal strings
major attributes
month workshop
local domains
l verb
spend time
limited non
information immediately
message sent
centering update
simple smoothing
offer many
concise manner
present related
user appears
link based
structure combined
candidate alignments
work one
corresponding transducer
average retrieval
claim must
cohesion relations
specific statistics
relation checkers
serious issue
lexical representations
world setting
considers sentence
bfp algorithm
path pi
simple tenses
approximation sample
des magasins
new operator
standard data
layer pattern
another function
free phrase
corresponding cases
experiments provide
understanding process
meaning cannot
regression techniques
high accuracies
rule application
get lost
occur repeatedly
case score
suffixation operations
main component
lower rank
ontological domain
following formula
wpp group
e nove
feature vector
complex inferential
main sentences
r predicate
contains 7
test samples
syntactic predicate
lattice rescoring
external syntax
second possibility
improve system
treat lexical
since coreference
additional discussion
priority must
hypothesis predicts
hsu et
information annotated
phrases modify
specific problem
nonterminals x
based acquisition
existing generative
description format
paths ending
possessive relation
mining algorithm
null sition
category r
including details
similar semantic
identical number
full texts
output division
two mistakes
condensed form
person agreement
untyped fss
elementary predicate
level constructions
distinguish verb
rul e
descriptive phrases
based combinatory
communication protocols
need detailed
interactive acquisition
rank correlations
quantified english
statistical phrase
within utterances
levenshtein automata
last tag
accounts based
semantic judgments
tokens corresponding
grammatical engine
grouping utterances
recognition procedure
messages based
target dependentf
hobbs 1976
generic platform
pas une
form string
internal argument
source entry
emergency management
evidence across
cfg trees
states si
text taken
standard darpa
nakaiwa et
advanced qa
specifically address
blocked configurations
scheme like
noun trees
ranks test
corporate suffixes
first condition
parser construction
fruitful research
rankboost score
observed performance
similar labels
substantially improves
generates translation
distinct pos
also improves
phenomena rather
al 1993
separate annotation
freq a1
stepwise method
clear plastic
possible applications
conservativeness parameter
predict semantic
new sequences
word included
single act
vp modifier
process proceeds
un facteur
one exchange
study used
particular morphemes
v np2
largest number
particular concern
np domain
system handling
trigram estimate
exists within
une n
turn consist
ds translation
event according
subjective words
pos pairs
works even
sciences research
feature distribution
potential topic
ross owns
dcg rule
respectively indicate
performs much
within language
two bombs
system seeks
answer using
grammar gs
flexible nature
n tile
phrase chunks
phrases 3
figure three
specific inputs
method detected
dramatic effect
tile past
terms correspond
original design
potential parse
relative comparisons
using nxt
large spans
document flow
local conjunction
simple goal
first sub
directional sense
medical triage
conditions like
lower right
mdl cost
selection within
scanning mode
standard reference
new approaches
b part
preferential default
vocal fold
using results
ne boundaries
primitive operators
utterance analyses
independent terms
whose content
intonational cues
important objects
resource like
10000 words
relation 7
model reduces
recognized ne
background collection
syntactic sugar
flexible order
concept noun
help facility
sentences boundaries
trees obtained
use explicit
verbal behaviors
french grammar
21 consonants
generalized framework
selecting training
negated terms
actual universe
following drs
weather forecast
words thus
rightmost column
based relation
data specific
40 attributes
filtering tool
recognizer outputs
alignment modules
sorte de
appropriate sequence
ce mot
higher rank
kappa value
systematic representation
verb n
lower success
get translated
pg processor
graphs like
e reports
playing field
judith l
dit qu
story boundary
lower vp
di er
du point
section 10
binding conditions
n prep
second variation
metalingual definitions
users experience
ir expressions
following scores
abbreviated names
string transducer
durational features
incremental growth
greatest reduction
dependent nps
phonology interface
evaluation scope
different parameter
pattern could
semantic change
retrieval technology
intermediate constructions
se que
mechanisms could
temporal preposition
section demonstrates
satisfied iff
21 words
constitute two
tagging models
basic case
entropy results
quality evidence
tasks depends
method capable
include self
way using
binary maximum
acoustic conditions
electronic engineering
contain constraints
category used
sentence grows
a205 a151
hypothesis h
interface described
session begins
ordering constraint
sparse matrix
parse result
average perplexity
slot scores
sparek jones
graph toolkit
direkt profil
incoming data
trained svm
oriented perspective
rightmost children
relevant implication
reference morpheme
transition networks
conversational ability
confidence estimates
test switch
bound pronoun
bunsetsu consists
second suggestion
right set
technology based
phonemic input
maximum swap
necessary part
nl string
de texte
suitable language
syntactic taggers
occurring examples
managing director
drop interface
required courses
complete units
marketing association
composition functions
operational use
sparse solution
development cost
evaluation techniques
interest appears
consistent difference
bbn laboratories
messag e
recent news
grammars model
three genders
parallel constituents
although none
cospecifying expressions
lfg workbench
constituent trees
jijkoun et
separate columns
subjects tend
internal triphone
different setups
false assumption
expected discourse
classifies words
oriented misconceptions
head always
challenging issues
entity phrase
algorithm learns
alternative segmentation
surface referents
email summarization
information sufficient
lower web
level events
data upon
last occurring
internet movie
use suffix
lf produced
across input
processes may
manually split
dynamic strategies
noun tokens
based summaries
generation mechanism
currently generates
certain errors
one evaluator
famous names
dog x
rao distance
logical processes
keyword set
similar kind
bene ts
fill roles
underlying set
yellow vw
rule success
general validity
major steps
statistical tagger
large reduction
meanings based
word slots
testing material
direct relationships
opposite order
300 names
query results
occurrence counting
precedence relationships
rule vp
thematic function
term encodes
valid inferences
roussinov et
name properties
see boguraev
module accepts
orthographic forms
5 seconds
increases recall
using resources
specific features
various association
prove valuable
planning approach
probabilities corresponding
three decks
algebra expression
annotation process
piece annotations
formalism must
two c
type appearing
rizk tools
cluster 2
new lexicons
adjective constructions
briefly reviews
two antecedents
type verb
monotone search
subject saw
hybrid feature
system carries
primitive lexical
negative points
basic argument
dependent measures
domain sets
one example
learning could
document units
estimation phase
standard unix
rules simply
filtering rules
100 nodes
left shows
contiguous phrases
paraphrase systems
f feature
closest work
certain quantifiers
many difficulties
without use
known ibm
incomplete semantic
result cannot
contain repeated
sentence cannot
heuristic programming
nodes linked
video segmentation
original raw
absolute transition
suffix letters
compositional phrases
functional properties
subject familiarization
include clauses
various settings
one model
dialog controller
distance weighting
naive view
shaded boxes
developing tools
chat interface
specifies either
two needs
unknown verbs
higher success
agreement number
random walks
simultaneous application
information plus
lemma 5
far show
retrieve multiple
cumulative error
semantic fragments
pronoun disambiguation
interpretation theory
msr algorithm
sets according
compare results
following subtasks
du 20
translate one
separate class
sort p
independent phone
fiction texts
relation g
est que
following observation
ip detection
propose ways
noun reading
rank would
cover symbol
weighted harmonic
substantial fragments
solve problem
nouns etc
ground term
exponential factor
brief characterization
using markov
digit strings
domain described
argument candidates
pairs acquired
differ syntactically
final condensate
bona fide
underlying system
words share
susan warwick
interval associated
conjoined structures
hovy 1991
extreme example
polar atoms
self organizing
sa score
first applications
research interests
practical algorithms
terms include
fisher kernel
generate discourse
hard problem
idiomatic phrases
complement phrases
de genre
finding sentence
speech sources
9 points
worth examining
cfg productions
collecting evidence
bias introduced
pattern induction
directly translate
constraints provided
early research
explanation generator
statistical terms
several changes
internal properties
logfile evaluation
intermediate events
functional descriptions
subjects made
averaging methods
rich environment
fluent output
pairwise agreements
rough estimates
like transitivity
speedometer tailpipe
resulting subset
multilingual system
takes values
bounded depth
xml annotated
full model
perform action
proposed rscm
use p
new software
neighbourhood size
textual question
particular distribution
unique data
coordinate multiple
occurs approximately
correct interlingua
computing center
given n
five frames
data helps
wel l
limited scalability
coordinate clause
precision floating
cpa patterns
lists including
terminological dictionary
authoring process
salient concepts
successful system
constituent tokens
entropy markov
hidden relationships
process comes
rule along
entity clustering
relevant constraints
tag c
include references
third sentence
adverbial complement
spanish grammar
wh feature
research program
echihabi et
illico interface
short runs
add context
lexicon systems
planner selects
averaged scores
des roots
agent accepts
preference indicated
gram models
12 questions
edge depends
capture temporal
september 01
objective assessment
system updates
relations assigned
third setting
paho texts
green house
structural linguistics
compacted domain
event profile
sublanguage selectional
contextual knowledge
fewer cases
unique combinations
unix environment
resulting dependency
two prefixes
trigger verbs
technical terms
let also
defined constraints
developing accurate
little reason
optimal dialogue
goal becomes
similarity error
sr component
efr form
tile l
node list
tipster demonstration
identifying novel
certain environment
entity tagger
rational agents
precision might
solved problems
gunman s3
key sequence
word juncture
copy language
table reports
syntactic anal
assimilation rule
minor pos
programming formulation
useful step
written production
variables must
verbes non
stack score
hmm recognition
linking objects
tv network
indefeasible tfs
feature instantiation
bad thing
w represents
train set
research need
allows plume
generated noisy
basic phonetic
salient aspects
company abc
fo r
distance value
candidate n
total overlap
echo project
corresponding terms
proper axioms
entity might
dhillon et
systems offer
related subjects
feature assessor
si une
simple clauses
french dictionaries
last pass
mapping score
based models
de cas
effect occurs
component transforms
five classes
licensing conditions
identify non
mapping algorithms
argument dependencies
user level
frequency using
research tool
much freedom
inheritance system
initial population
called q
demonstration system
international phonetic
longer text
aligning pairs
rapid access
later processes
clause defines
domains chosen
complete phrase
chinese name
constituent reading
ideal conditions
temporal referents
single component
amusement parks
spoken sentence
represent texts
straight order
crossing error
lattice parsing
measure translation
underlying words
end character
family members
inherent features
bootstrapping technique
addresses certain
polynomial size
single sentences
system failed
passive edges
basic lexicon
constrained data
4 levels
etzioni et
a7 a1
name consists
see miller
place calls
various target
symmetric measures
definitions whose
ph statistic
nlp component
reordering example
algorithms first
systems l
tile complement
semantic matching
total feature
pasha ii
general semantic
fundamental task
w e
deductive reasoning
different trade
total examples
avoid dealing
case case
exchange boundaries
wrong way
increasing frequency
make corrections
grammars trained
preferred attachment
4 vsvs
special consideration
si c
model showed
du type
information influences
basic voting
features appearing
linguistic subsystem
use default
semantic map
gram mar
central questions
dans son
electronic publishing
based selection
classifier architectures
words ambiguous
either absolute
method seem
various kind
different countries
simov et
excellent way
identify base
paradigmatic structure
2 window
default parameter
local phrase
noun relations
prosodic properties
make independence
disambiguation accuracies
training data1
potential anaphoric
written ones
syllable nodes
three unique
syntactic calculus
adjacent predecessors
different sequence
cases covered
katz backoff
error threshold
lists several
interrelationships among
document phrase
general labels
tile translation
asian language
fois que
score results
system improvements
appositive phrases
without annotations
reconstructed forms
models fit
tag allows
variable h
specified tree
also acknowledge
crc triples
first research
negative reaction
nouns shown
one question
following specifications
algorithm contains
set corresponding
phonemic mapping
classification allows
described procedure
semantic accounts
forms used
obtained information
problem typically
candidate constituents
standard settings
alternative generation
fernando c
ml approach
use computers
made mistakes
changing nature
singular genitive
idiom recognition
lack lexical
10 word
methods proposed
feature r
major goal
th phrase
associations among
dialogue allowances
hoff algorithm
nonverbalized punctuation
4 bytes
asr errors
tree defines
structured string
describing entities
size increases
agent frame
tmn algorithm
list two
basic properties
mutes les
substring length
focus distinction
increased availability
metaphor understanding
fisher score
proposals presented
different subtrees
companies ship
structure representation
statistical issues
pitch data
different strategies
initial input
existing hypothesis
restrictions given
parse results
new feature
preliminary investigations
two paths
psychological verbs
adjacent blocks
federal republic
association information
biggest contribution
approach recognizes
measure counts
consensus labels
like parsers
shared forests
1000 pairs
open classes
infinitival clauses
different markup
significant collocation
nonchain rule
concepts denoted
sentence candidate
construct transducers
engineering process
sophisticated search
penn tagset
tasks performed
past participles
contains descriptions
lexical links
go var
starting roles
assumption makes
valid sense
usual form
functional architecture
shared concept
weak assumptions
partial utterances
proposal consists
act fragments
les transformations
clause indicates
moving target
information organization
neighboring letters
p row
idioms involving
ttp parser
common speech
resource initiative
lazy unification
background word
instances derived
articles often
around time
slot represents
systems clearly
phrase status
agreement marker
constraint given
alternative formulation
mcrae et
two synsets
generator contains
cantillation treebank
segment chinese
multiple corpora
syntactic diversity
morphological derivation
stack states
labeled relations
prose texts
study corpora
agent wishes
baseline predictor
bigram sequences
define tile
tagging procedure
detection based
attributes selected
spanish senses
opinion phrase
files used
current sub
following quantity
including decision
event expressions
basic stem
0 x
coherence depends
operating officer
theoretic notation
accum value
see pereira
spark jones
lex lookup
contextual clues
predicate inversion
defining appropriate
language specialists
clause logic
description slot
corresponding phone
confidence measures
asked students
extract every
classifier accuracy
much difficulty
decreasing weight
relevant web
computational costs
new factors
phonological form
ranking error
following e
machine communication
regular operations
linguistic string
linked source
runs made
node specifies
costa rica
prolog subset
second instance
segment codes
terminal set
11 dimensions
constrained queries
champollion uses
main predicate
patient argument
annotations allow
tcurrency1ur et
knowledge delivery
measure interannotator
listeners may
arc represented
direct request
coreference mechanism
erf method
proper nps
psycholinguistic theories
system find
like kiss
accumulated expertise
credit cards
reasonable predictions
generating cooperative
distinct set
previous actions
certain piece
trained hmms
wilks 1975
set uses
occur whenever
segment hmm
rules called
move types
1this work
cognitive differences
general nouns
constituent relations
perceptron algorithms
general linear
consumer products
collocations according
aspectual meaning
discarding features
simpler concepts
vector elements
disjunctive concept
custom vlsi
answer dialogue
assumption might
global property
500 questions
prior methods
interest level
progressive difference
using clue
generalized parses
obj x
containing news
optimality criterion
direct superclasses
items collected
speech boundaries
viewing specification
key task
formed utterance
plan constructed
multisemcor corpus
simplified models
optional tests
five states
document clustering
following overview
count words
tracks whether
medical reports
liste de
tree patterns
ellipsis interpretation
redundant views
standard sections
generic term
nlp curriculum
allow inferences
general kind
category probabilities
apparent simplicity
feature used
spanish dictionaries
newsgroups data
speaking style
expressions obtained
unusual feature
correct candidate
phrase becomes
list structure
backoff bigram
phrase posteriors
precise definition
contiguity constraint
particular instantiation
modus ponens
de vreught
speech style
selected tokens
actual string
since failure
paragraph break
imperative heuristic
foreign tourists
tree logic
dialogue generation
building discourse
multimedia material
state acceptors
menu bar
john run
escudero et
text realizer
recognition strategy
second explanation
new sublanguage
receive much
foreign segment
correlates well
vague expressions
order compilation
transliteration methods
definition parts
evans et
5 nodes
type systems
asr environment
link model
contextual priming
sentence production
tion rule
either e
referent e
feature principles
coordination data
label bigram
primitive element
grammatical relationships
immediate access
dp beam
strong candidate
words recognized
occupied region
relevant sense
state parser
transfer rate
reference strings
language change
noise words
called dependency
maximal segment
conflict may
possible combination
model classifier
rapid prototyping
items tagged
recent addition
document might
called templates
transducer mapping
magnitude higher
oriented template
generates three
gave bill
compiled grammars
k instances
work builds
phonetic phenomena
work left
several categories
become possible
consequential relations
xed cue
often outperforms
weak l
reuters data
e q
raw term
official training
information centre
individual markers
inefficient since
detailed summary
sonic speech
conflicting default
categorisation rules
bears little
program without
share contexts
several trees
node values
thus increase
target expressions
finnish data
right index
suitable models
rules whenever
grammar need
defined sense
synonym detection
suicide bomber
large grammar
parsers generally
processing unit
binary values
consistency problem
direct induction
timing patterns
particular document
semantic apparatus
design system
level discourse
test one
output representation
phonetic space
rouge scores
qa performance
properties described
increased time
id3 algorithm
name clashes
grammar takes
controls whether
linguistic behaviour
adjacent sentence
system generates
becomes feasible
set defined
focus articulation
introduction relationships
entries thus
lookahead sets
every branch
correctly express
unknown input
woz technique
related constituents
shift move
several answers
different task
level variable
drawn around
decreasing trend
old entities
connectionist parsing
alternatives based
one promises
additional parameter
feature signatures
major topic
complex processes
application data
model builds
decent decor
a9 a3
boundary based
represents recall
formula form
parent concepts
capture similarities
verb go
hyperlex algorithm
electronic communication
frequent frame
drawing attention
sparsity problem
ran giza
likely attachment
ary predicates
earliest work
labeling schemes
unrecognized word
pragmatic context
kato et
relative significance
hmm parameters
various viewpoints
120 times
e li
original dataset
automatic summary
convert text
relevant anthology
subcategorization requirement
applicability degree
positive classifications
used vary
scaling algorithm
learned rules
propagation path
differ substantially
shared arguments
expert hand
null would
ai approach
syntactic match
resource allocation
additive relations
matching scores
general fashion
names also
original tagset
project note
context description
contiguous sentences
formative evaluation
discusses related
step method
military officer
bin laden
system exploits
phrasal templates
unisys muc
precision based
steps 1
numbering scheme
semantic analyzer
idea used
shieber 1992
judgment task
accurate estimation
fewer terms
current applications
les notions
include constraints
noncommutative linear
numeral noun
thus reduces
superficial resemblance
already performs
invariant meaning
show less
important attribute
possible replacements
mit media
alignment module
likely alternative
composite index
salient noun
description formalism
without keyword
relation consists
disambiguate module
transducer rules
automatic speaker
multiple stories
plural ones
single compact
covered positions
using c4
phone battery
formal writing
phase one
rules f
entity based
skeleton processor
alternative derivations
plot comparison
tipster document
change rapidly
tags use
case properties
algorithm l
bilingual glossary
step learning
ministerio de
adequate theory
two estimation
specific entry
cover every
chinese punctuations
topic labels
concept mappings
common guidelines
major clauses
straightforward approach
sentences collected
vertex within
frame hierarchy
independent word
greater proportion
dependencies inherent
frames provide
corpus w
engineering best
string decomposition
names across
back vowels
different decisions
facial display
accuracy exceeds
large segment
composite localisations
greater emphasis
uttered phone
distributional hypothesis
derived data
initial ambiguity
set f1
partial relation
one chain
entailment acquisition
presents examples
standard fashion
active reading
area 3
plans using
remaining constituents
similar functions
set splits
idiomatic sentences
monotone block
knowledge suggests
admissibility constraints
complement sentences
furuse et
third annotator
intensive applications
topic may
sentence 8
unseen co
pages using
natural discourse
grammar rules
multilingual access
punctuation feature
model performance
automatic extracts
initial discourse
fit mode
application projects
important types
extensive survey
possible english
future training
efficient solutions
achieve broad
backward manner
several tokens
nominal semantics
pattern x
smolka 88
fundamental questions
structural em
method however
important techniques
stronger ones
felt would
closed captioning
contrastive relation
distribution strategy
santa barbara
extract head
semantic structure
sentence conveys
english definitions
natural conversational
joshi 85
last october
candidate focused
6 e
real text
vp algorithm
47 ci
2 cbs
ne tagged
relevant generalizations
semantic tagging
existing topic
case descriptions
parallelism constraints
parser normally
different newspapers
restriction interpreter
produce derived
sentences tagged
corrected tags
comparison involves
requires agreement
predict functions
embedded verb
iri 96
automatic porting
called proof
typically comprises
cases according
language process
genetag corpus
group b
correct ones
project scheduling
interaction strategy
symbol lattice
sequences occurring
su ce
rule extraction
existing parse
le ler
particular database
main claims
john mcenroe
ill particular
selection restriction
argument names
explicitly encodes
test cycle
making mistakes
parsing constraints
message elements
sc 4
false friends
good umbrella
preceding noun
500 top
given grapheme
make text
evaluation track
f indicates
general proposition
unique labels
called substitution
objective method
various treatments
20 percent
agenda algorithm
grammar like
retrieval program
tags allows
sister concepts
every substring
terminology domain
often yield
characterize types
role restrictions
representation frames
major references
expert systems
verb instance
full chain
entries share
iii would
try first
link question
producing explanations
surface object
statistical regularities
event intervals
previous theories
structured category
ed grammar
minimum number
viterbi training
structure candidates
informational focus
social network
hybrid logic
strong ones
offer several
evidence presented
based alignments
x iff
selected relations
straightforward comparisons
japanese document
f0 features
segmenting method
distance pronominalisation
original form
vector ph
order cannot
final phonemes
directional letter
expressions standing
direct information
used method
marcus 1991
step 5
redundancy rules
clausal domain
build translation
observation sequence
precedence information
conventional notion
mapping g
nivre et
dialogues based
simple constraints
operational level
table look
unique first
surface frame
separate runs
trees around
particular principles
problems outside
dialogue using
call statistics
clause hierarchy
wi represents
word 4
synonym test
pair used
entailment relation
index documents
mrd sense
role classifiers
conceptual object
provide reasonable
state value
management successions
100 days
confidence weighted
parses using
copying constructions
phrases modifying
target bunsetsu
model certain
complete version
network type
church algorithm
sufficient numbers
describing relationships
ces trois
term dependence
acceptable result
used learning
arc also
numerical model
agent case
existential status
occurrences across
equivalent translation
minimal nodes
explicitly expresses
concept p
transcribed speech
dialog applications
relative phrases
assume also
form iff
e templates
haim et
current research
pointer slots
true ambiguities
development methodology
description representing
several productions
le ou
original intent
conceptual frame
performing operations
latter group
transformations involving
learning capabilities
representation seems
rules described
bigram overlap
pilot collection
using hownet
templates filled
palestinian guest
original cfg
use chasen
three options
parser switching
null der
chance expected
free texts
whenever one
calorimeter contains
claim sentences
log semiring
pronominal system
technique allows
jth word
containing arguments
reference evaluation
collective readings
multiple extractions
interpersonal expressions
consistency across
violated default
phrasal substitution
sandhi effects
model estimate
extracts terms
produce larger
construct japanese
category utility
separate generation
column indicates
first formula
conceptual node
certain problem
sentences among
abstract notions
form 2
evaluation mechanism
longer queries
stylistic grammars
algorithm iteratively
utters p
wi e
matched nodes
raw texts
trips parser
service cover
noun countability
integrated part
processing applied
large dictionaries
bobrow et
dictionary needs
associated preparatory
task specifications
later ones
closest string
comprehensive lexical
situation might
word condition
search would
human reviewer
repair tag
use distributional
pseudo co
principal goal
device must
van arragon
intelligent support
three others
algorithm counts
syntactic procedures
affinity score
previous mb
dictionary use
numerical indices
construction shows
potential sense
connectivity matrix
framenet defines
humorous texts
domain sequence
typical entry
patterns may
original trees
figure 36
tbr every
leaves us
need revision
mp3 player
bigram lm
special grammar
bigram feature
two level
rule head
pronouns tend
typically results
case consists
quantified statements
intensive research
unique nouns
english verbal
multiple speech
unique target
objects rather
one quarter
share variables
mediated discourse
strong impact
address cases
intention drs
single predicate
10 question
pronoun reading
dans l
word network
representation frame
limits imposed
elle ne
significant phrases
cab test
successful approaches
question answerers
open case
translation need
automatic mode
consistent increase
track evaluation
lexical organization
key questions
simulated human
tight coupling
hypothesis also
regular intervals
performance gets
law school
enlightening discussions
named people
changing world
circled nodes
activated rule
agent argument
speaker need
automatic category
base text
different classifications
task represents
output routine
satisfies 05
translation takes
le grade
different solutions
incident stack
target intervals
ship names
limited applications
negated event
values f
news source
closed terms
klein et
complex domain
appositional phrases
art history
translation tool
context language
advanced techniques
neither system
sentence compression
1 minute
specific goals
vp coordination
cal rules
modified joint
translation ambiguity
source examples
lea hommes
simple right
produces good
murray hill
constituents mentioned
get results
journal 1987
c l
agreement ratio
computational level
criteria 1
np positions
analysis supports
corpora constructed
frames using
triphone modeling
alignment mappings
v denotes
head concept
dependency extraction
processed input
network protocols
latter notion
performance without
stage learning
robotag server
csr technology
recent test
wide range
intended meaning
terrorist activities
plural entity
defined subset
complex candidate
single instruction
complexity level
begin word
cognitive linguistic
document based
conditional dependencies
vectors c
keyboard entry
missing joins
svo structure
word expression
noticeable difference
reference value
various functions
preliminary stage
following statements
determine tile
correspondences across
quality bilingual
functions together
interesting sense
like methods
oil tycoon
data determined
cost flow
conversation within
building procedure
tipster contractors
pareto ranking
define chinese
anaphoric noun
specialized terms
noun categorizer
important exception
dynamic features
active voice
units called
classify texts
analysis yielded
replace rule
correct form
sell orders
index structure
visual works
sir christopher
represent propositions
additional strategies
queries consisting
goto table
current sharedplan
unconstrained way
needs extra
paper defines
monophoneme distribution
wilks 2001
perplexity score
generic entries
belief network
tag contains
drops considerably
question segments
complete term
partial models
namex type
much repetition
full vector
learning patterns
preposition di
output candidates
elhadad 1993
grained way
pcfg based
evaluation design
following criteria
corresponding word
annotators tagged
tags appears
one distribution
pos bigram
shriberg 1996
independent model
everyday conversation
conventional metaphors
feature probabilities
inverted structures
consider tile
using language
client module
degrees celsius
entry belongs
constructions present
quantifier terms
decisions depend
conventional tf
flight information
le facteur
second concept
transcription file
purpose algorithm
000 hand
represent human
icp intends
adaptation speech
errors come
level interaction
random segmentation
4 cases
combinatory information
fundamental features
positive features
linking types
input one
intrinsic limitations
standard treatments
improvement comes
stokes et
test group
tangled hierarchy
various n
penman provides
act tagging
temporal object
computing probabilities
dictionaries often
data along
different questions
results allow
main stack
perform analysis
increases precision
maximum flexibility
classification level
across users
interruption glottalization
semantic labelling
dependency theory
allows semantic
np expansion
method covers
2 vp
thank robin
unique address
include standard
null rule
evidential model
exhaustive searches
work reliably
always medium
underlying assumption
formal discourse
two assumptions
nl n2
speech dictionary
rules currently
steps without
antecedents available
substantiate performance
semantic extension
months old
temporal frame
unambiguous determiner
simple web
japanese parallel
interpretive mode
algorithm expands
topmost element
senses also
correct entity
gathering evidence
accuracy 1
realistic problem
english tags
mit recognizer
topics include
entropy language
translation rules
following grice
50 runs
document term
part indicates
pp arguments
different statistics
25 words
upper threshold
1769 plu
parser attaches
driven strategies
single edge
priori reason
substantial extension
communication networks
two thresholds
weights automatically
cascaded hmm
needs information
discusses several
deeper structure
words longer
a99 a92a93a23a57a73a130a101
fictional texts
based agent
grammar editor
final answer
mathematical reasoning
automated text
cs method
correct rejection
call also
merging multiple
ner data
subsets c
full distribution
th term
little lamb
correct categories
noun must
new parts
primary key
discontinuous sub
help increase
overall tree
syllable lengthening
clusterization phase
frequent case
stage 5
un discours
left blank
pairs represent
mcshane et
extended tree
indiana university
also increase
answer depends
correct trees
plan based
example 30
process called
unseen context
five thousand
correlation tests
natural conversation
pitch target
factor accounts
modeling may
parser constructs
perform unsupervised
syntactic expressions
dependency head
given location
5 utterances
generative syntax
efficient top
seven kinds
primitive objects
mapping properties
senses across
left parenthesis
zipf curves
taking n
short dialogue
framework underlying
disambiguate lexical
inner participant
descriptions without
standard name
paper indicates
entailment models
case 4a
verification process
two transformations
structure directly
path information
functional distinctions
geoffrey k
predicate nominatives
figure 3a
parallel way
correct answers
f possible
en fonctlon
different constants
normal trigram
query language
html format
extends standard
correspond semantically
individual channel
resulting change
topical unit
assumption must
research effort
little emphasis
identifying constituents
actual number
trace produced
distinct levels
current databases
utterance training
process represents
acoustic component
form template
log files
grammar elements
material including
overseas travel
inductive biases
september 1981
others include
statistics may
generic model
weakly context
text tokens
rule conflicts
suspension points
research environments
present collection
primary sources
node pair
circuit fix
mostly domain
windows platform
rare ones
immediate successors
partition p
health organization
state system
sense assignment
negative imperative
conj u
different coverage
detection model
time location
template matcher
dialogue application
function label
numbers assigned
next point
belief propagation
abstraction process
general functions
linguistic perspective
normalized messages
structure onto
running time
simple sense
21 cases
tagger speed
following training
sound waves
selected messages
3sat instance
user specifies
deviant input
domain task
teams working
predicted label
description exists
interpretation within
discourse focusing
input using
include frequency
orthogonal directions
news organizations
information fl
different inputs
word alignment
types must
also reduces
first observation
model sizes
11 data
incremental utterance
frequent argument
distance operator
expressed interest
function fl
dative plural
native speakers
criterion discussed
relational properties
real data
predicate symbol
words need
behind genre
time elapses
estimates p
scenario forms
line demo
news sentences
obvious sense
pelletier 1982
argument phrase
free model
original productions
one subtree
identification would
extensive cross
two causes
conceptual facet
templates used
lingo dictionary
traditional rule
smoothed frequency
tokens ending
typical phenomena
measure seems
executive system
topical segment
pereira 83
global idf
figures 6
manual techniques
lexicalized dependency
items come
tagger returns
svm feature
linear systems
context relation
words disambiguated
three candidates
government funding
surface ease
equation 8
precision tradeoff
matthews et
secondary structure
relationships corresponding
possible partitions
model 1
reference set
optional adjuncts
headline phrases
ordered domain
fifty percent
v z
words mapping
special dictionaries
queries concerning
extract key
facilitate later
key features
acceptable results
g text
possibilities based
open lexicon
zitensya de
process follows
translation variants
pass lattice
words behave
argument constructed
known categories
changes necessary
ordinary morphological
ontological semantics
explicit text
several corpus
world history
never arise
arguments given
hansards data
cela est
class get
implicit reference
results 1
root selects
main message
system network
degrees fahrenheit
generate syntactic
distance curves
memory would
constituent must
achieves 92
speech collected
exchange among
statistical model
da units
corresponding event
read heads
walker et
therefore employ
elliptic utterances
based n
simple naive
normalized version
possible nes
generic bracketing
per condition
measure score
several state
relational descriptions
second arguments
tool enables
candidate fillers
minor role
transformation operations
word query
henry thompson
independent question
alternation type
tagger tags
small improvements
structures typically
expected probability
degree 2
plus sign
metric labeling
hand stroking
either training
german syllables
every synset
individual dialogue
variable features
performed evaluation
best precision
compute expectations
overall meaning
last phase
model derives
descriptive linguistics
task described
syntactic chunks
deals mainly
extended meaning
prediction steps
professional linguists
90 categories
tei p4
coverage statistical
site report
general direction
without affixes
order changes
immediate ancestor
duplicate argument
based consolidation
experiments 1
indicate coreference
linked pairs
next text
main experiment
a48 a18
permettent de
surface ordering
disambiguation processes
connecting pairs
accurate translation
6 person
argument relations
system effectiveness
formal statement
generates natural
hypothesis lists
speech tagged
potential forms
comparing figures
collected corpora
correct multi
scatter plot
corresponding example
pp modification
classe analogique
new concepts
allow researchers
articles appearing
initial annotation
np semantics
reference system
inheritance hierarchies
de structure
linear indexed
interesting ways
procedural questions
tile score
graph rescoring
formal complexity
describe situations
previous method
although dependency
signature file
jan saw
practical computational
variables mentioned
dmax criteria
expectation mechanism
adjunctive arguments
last action
also encounter
les parties
chain recognition
choice function
phenomena handled
contains common
different top
study reported
act labelling
existe un
transducers based
family resemblances
complete texts
two lines
different features
two foci
theory grammars
two translation
images might
simple frequency
template represents
section suggest
systems try
top vertex
research teams
conceptual case
forms contain
perfect tense
examples whose
model scaling
declarative specifications
forms occur
tile node
entire utterances
slash operators
html tags
c1 v
morphosyntactic grammar
per expression
sources described
although researchers
unsupervised system
example 13
delta cepstrum
analysis needs
differential equations
subplanning area
capital city
phrase indicating
pragmatic information
das ist
generation stage
constraint systems
variables x1
rhs element
system recursively
simplest level
verb concept
changes within
experimental tool
ir tasks
order ones
assigns scores
main memory
following l
using summaries
lexical clues
formal frameworks
constraints correspond
german parse
huffman code
interjudge agreement
system holds
labeled texts
tides contract
tones may
elements generally
require significantly
final positions
informative words
set app
track system
tdd text
item would
legal da
paths according
knowledge associated
authors note
phase classifier
rm filename
experiment reported
base data
unmarked constituent
evaluation materials
boundaries fall
professional translators
linguistic marker
cc given
poses many
second choice
lexical statistical
speech tag
expression transfer
vogel et
changes occurred
cet article
proposed evaluation
satisfies equation
undesirable features
three levels
example 11
pedagogical content
plan de
theoretic evidence
entire language
existing constraints
null non
words like
document texts
alt und
small proportion
space could
expressions representing
level attributes
grades 1
coordinate axes
repair hypotheses
known tokens
accurate counts
code could
christian matthiessen
verbs already
sentences come
size might
new instructions
event structures
a37 a38
train individual
newsgroup messages
argument might
5 queries
boundary indices
relative sentences
french part
resultant set
logic without
conclude something
machine generated
features involving
problem area
topic name
final criterion
hmm systems
based salience
von stechow
files contain
fewer word
entity model
bender et
require parsing
occurring noun
several files
trees starting
design review
normalized term
brings us
word variations
show superior
node ordering
distinction applies
word noise
selected term
h whose
public databases
strict criterion
subjects found
textual database
watched tv
thirty words
proof net
bayes performs
two counts
answer interpreter
error rules
prediction probability
term focus
derived nouns
burma found
explanation shown
two concrete
speech vocabulary
inventory column
logical positions
polarity based
grammar class
mathematical sciences
corpus probability
annotation conventions
singular nominal
reestimation formulas
retrieve appropriate
sample verbs
reference words
one calculates
like could
algorithm annotates
question would
structure snippets
speech interfaces
either l
ensemble techniques
models instead
function tables
style word
test performance
si l
semantic constructions
reference tracking
loaded interpretations
within n
ul e
text makes
evaluation part
initiating force
arabic information
unary nodes
nondeterministic parsing
l la
quality function
information mi
represent cross
lexical priming
discourse data
6 training
top layer
1 er
competing word
greedy segmenter
train several
documents found
corpus segmentation
possible sets
le components
competitive activation
significant component
morphological analyzer
combined part
normalization performance
utterance sequence
categories whose
competition criterion
language thus
newswire reports
promotion analysis
significant sentences
e med
distinct domains
weight p
rare categories
clustering nouns
space trajectory
stage recognition
new hierarchy
multivariate normal
washington dc
always means
thematic segments
exceptional rules
process described
extraction pipeline
full document
standard wall
handwritten character
second modification
summarization process
current english
resolution would
single stack
unique name
many user
partitive relation
several uses
types play
word comes
prefer frequent
recognizing expressions
first e
include utterance
linear weight
context models
analysis demonstrates
overlapping utterances
direct vs
belief noise
enough background
interpolated model
overt np
integral component
udrs representations
node argument
trivial part
since pronouns
template definition
illustrative examples
deep content
relational scene
human capacities
features made
automatic hypertext
feature time
deterministic transition
update algorithms
100 nouns
models applied
conjugation type
leftmost nonempty
system proceeds
human subject
agent architecture
efficient parsers
two people
low figures
automatic transformation
flexible dialog
domain represented
ltag lexicon
different sounds
vector generation
subjective terms
new modules
outputs obtained
parent transform
frequency figures
10 cross
main procedures
complex entity
also force
indexed string
300 texts
murdered smith
causal explanation
sequences obtained
parsers often
lowest non
different scales
traditional non
computing time
associative relationships
various facets
basic interactive
ending scores
natural class
world systems
regular structures
grammatical subject
linguistic knowledge
p could
soccer match
combination resulted
compare summaries
also group
initial class
generic propositions
plan failures
unemployment rate
base queries
1 edges
account might
grand prize
target structures
systematic relations
equal parts
many future
incorrect paths
partial alignments
special issue
verb wordnet
data finder
corpora serve
nonsense sentences
induced classes
efficient parsability
power law
list whose
dotted lines
specialized modules
integration may
added complexity
method focuses
right phrase
original corpus
context selection
semantic counterparts
concepts whose
speakers perform
expression cannot
test certain
annotation bottleneck
use el
valence pattern
simple subset
theta assignment
corpora based
existing constraint
simple forms
morphological tagging
movie database
marker variables
using models
considerations lead
association links
person reading
initial effort
nine times
core results
slight variation
mother nodes
satellite recognition
original approach
unit representing
many extensions
space retrieval
3 condition
theoretical investigations
scheme using
digit sequences
adaboost classifier
become explicit
make less
agents may
artificial example
parse whose
automated acquisition
original state
noun phrases
numeric characters
structure units
defines p
expensive method
structure extractor
surface lexicon
svm performs
serve lunch
one database
one straightforward
important mechanism
shared derivation
information contained
sloppy ambiguities
cb items
open architecture
object collocations
object already
correct chunk
en r
identification rule
major sense
user looking
element takes
domain questions
actual knowledge
data extraction
single numeric
consonant changes
preference relationships
occurrence feature
many inappropriate
second conclusion
algorithm accepts
nesting level
template sets
simply amounts
present word
generator kernel
lengthy list
per query
phrase method
share enough
employee concept
words examined
frame specification
language extension
prove sufficient
entropy models
exact sentence
temporal argument
use automatically
name rather
one move
resolving definite
conditions using
modified precision
terminological languages
documents generated
topic direction
parameters given
math department
existing web
mentioned item
everything one
schabes 1990
quantifiers may
goal associated
morphological analyzers
dimensional structures
x shared
sl words
reverse transformations
formula uses
4a shows
text corpus
relation precision
detect potential
current nl
source patterns
tree module
translations e
identifying topic
adequate size
general rewrite
author unmasking
planning component
token wj
spanish part
questions asking
find something
generalization level
constraint applies
proux et
derive e
final solution
based cost
sloppy interpretation
base generated
text approach
clause preceding
experiments performed
different flavors
research deals
matrix c
explicit data
random derivations
level syntactic
first thirty
following requirements
default features
herbert j
sentence correctly
methods provide
like control
system research
full database
r ill
chinese news
comp obj
text side
acts together
important matter
query region
initial experimental
several conditions
select tile
sequence positions
forward inference
l text
b must
system verifies
isolated city
lexical label
analysis appears
current observation
sentence matrix
sentence independent
specifies possible
monolingual regularities
max x
distinct problems
joint optimization
wordl word2
query models
named object
svo constructions
complementary information
single message
preliminary version
katakana writing
additional statistics
recognition inferences
windows based
hovy 1996
collective knowledge
national museum
thesaurus structure
closed word
phrasal fragments
arcs incident
large abbreviation
component technologies
one dsp
example since
p happens
type nodes
strong motivation
different lists
recherche en
attribute list
recall indicates
local model
knowledge addition
found cases
one client
routine training
component designed
300 entries
entry selection
bilingual collocation
auxiliary function
related dimension
algorithm seems
case distinctions
generation might
complex answer
000 lexemes
nal words
contextual environment
task training
nonterminal symbol
distributional constraints
cast3lb treebank
analysis works
document model
specific retrieval
modern languages
explanatory power
lexical construction
verb look
instance v
k times
section three
compound nominal
continuous representation
ap news
three domains
5 models
2006 conference
corpus specific
summaries use
additional problem
subject pool
like adjectives
different parsers
alternative ways
head nods
set accuracy
possible anchors
modules syntaxiques
negative contribution
single match
four children
source representations
proposed set
relation subject
ramakishnan et
le meilleur
backward approach
service information
conjunctive expression
pattern mismatch
bilingual translations
formalisms within
containing multiple
nodes created
problem even
constituent phrases
spontaneous scheduling
generalization routines
spanish taxonomy
normalized texts
including rule
containing clause
stack decoder
sometimes causes
spoken communications
selected texts
ordering process
separate roles
textual spans
existing sense
null cepts
labels obtained
pcfg model
human assessors
instruction group
clause specification
government relation
percentage correct
aspectual coercion
fuzzy boundaries
related article
family names
single experiment
specialized word
gapvalsin feature
tag file
choose words
compare models
parser evaluation
much emphasis
schwa syllable
lisp machines
classification file
states associated
negative evaluation
respiratory infection
constituting elements
sentence semantics
nixon diamond
6 parses
protein family
verbal alternations
adjacent msus
since verbs
score summaries
predictor step
class given
null eral
optional complements
selective morpheme
new mechanisms
complex multi
play two
top ten
automatic template
related inferences
maximum occurrence
lower lobe
mammy rayner
sentences obtained
atis class
icicle system
limited english
weighted connections
dirichlet density
basilar membrane
evaluating systems
corpus sample
phrase 5
new noun
complex nonterminals
conceptual descriptions
parameters corresponding
intermediate steps
detailed discussion
particular time
sentence corresponding
logical semantics
translation class
shaughnessy parsing
actual template
alignment configuration
stevenson et
generates descriptions
political news
frequency alone
entry may
sentence recency
intellectual act
consistent performance
epenthesis rule
recording environment
concept codes
also capture
brazilian portuguese
initial steps
matching routines
bigrams consisting
phonetic output
000 locations
tile case
particular speech
collection efforts
failure link
lll corpus
preferred centers
linguistic discussion
evaluation methodologies
din mor
lattice indexing
output units
genotype language
code information
appropriate pattern
observation features
drastic change
fixed strategy
surface linguistic
first son
remain unaligned
subject ratings
possible criteria
null cording
rule size
novel inputs
faster rate
approach therefore
includes speech
considerably improves
feedback process
user tells
create three
distance factors
free morphemes
chinese concept
corresponding character
translation effort
abbreviation patterns
monolingual word
second test
nodes referred
adjunct test
graphics generators
proposed system
letter k
result files
lookup procedure
abstract node
two hours
perfect input
lexical associations
entries need
size based
algorithm slightly
likely part
translation environments
old information
query may
du franqais
bracketed grids
known beforehand
three facts
processing society
text files
semantic axis
filter approach
harabagiu et
response 2
level segmentation
main factor
plan model
distinction made
9 evaluation
person descriptors
repair algorithm
annotating coreference
fully use
axis indicates
whether multi
au moyen
analogical processes
another disadvantage
connected network
state sequences
require modifications
always implies
qui concerne
correction proposals
quality improves
variance clipping
tree cut
time arguments
time prior
another group
average reader
poor solution
grained parallelism
crucial roles
spanish ones
turney value
3rd pers
electrical appliances
particular segment
hypothesis space
formal attributes
nerbonne 1993
markup tags
speech parsing
web publishers
labelled f
strings consisting
access using
different forecasters
three individual
res de
classes contained
used test
imperative programming
oriented environment
morphology based
similarity scale
negative value
single iteration
hypothesized words
correctly recovers
training algorithms
instance node
suffix appears
hill climber
order projective
pronoun must
four dimensions
structure constructed
distinct cases
constituents used
speech hypotheses
tile argument
phrasal matching
subject indexing
diamond 1
slavic language
engineering bottleneck
introduce topics
supported text
state approaches
known corpus
categorical perception
inverted sentence
aspect form
issue arises
j b
case precision
agreement errors
functional expression
entity recognizer
mluce protocol
scheduling parser
multiple processes
constraints beyond
group discrimination
a2a5a4 a6
domain features
rule within
parameters remain
extra feature
language presents
overall parsing
ldoce sense
sentence remain
languages without
training schemes
domain also
resolution rule
japanese articles
focus provides
comparison function
sequence given
describe details
common subsequence
extensive parallel
linguistic operation
w denotes
favor longer
hahn 1999
combined form
adjusted mean
output stage
derivation process
known approach
every label
type country
piped material
loom provides
also aids
hpsg feature
example data
ancestor nodes
n represent
temporal properties
project sponsored
mary gave
c v
error annotation
morpheme types
10 characters
declarative framework
argument term
represent document
markovian model
best bleu
nondeterministic algorithm
discard non
word replacements
set comparison
straightforward encoding
combining approach
phrase associated
load baggage
final vowel
three problems
base semantic
path valuation
predominant senses
7 deg
auxiliary list
purpose grammars
prediction window
subjects first
additional power
redundant rules
extract ne
falls short
jobs corpus
alternative surface
diagonal line
briefly introducing
made concrete
respond appropriately
use attribute
boundaries occur
another field
group verbs
test 1
every construction
revisional distance
always outputs
350 rules
current smt
often drawn
given q
tree mappings
primarily syntax
aggregate predicates
paraphrase data
certain percentage
initial probability
require support
landfall near
additional features
requests information
inlmt sentence
normal distributions
preferred form
sort types
japanese grammar
help performance
generate references
relative measures
signal using
pairs make
level deals
internal expression
cannot fill
crafted algorithm
k documents
involves extending
contains 4
probabilistic tags
possible lemmas
goi taikei
object known
possible training
multiple mt
book read
future versions
content aggregation
documents may
account based
presentation styles
parallel dependency
making assumptions
component technology
conventional tools
natural segmentation
actual operation
declarative statements
typical feature
arbitrary patterns
processing part
typical examples
initial segmentation
using p1
documents first
anlt grammar
expressions starting
four items
aligned hansard
biggest problems
object interpretations
temporal descriptions
relative amount
diagonal elements
action consists
operator language
category containing
associated speech
signature score
parent p
performing actions
intuition underlies
verbs often
fillmore 1975
models ibm
information removed
instrument used
white gaussian
equivalent states
important areas
trec 1
slot 16
relation rather
ugo non
allophone models
domain interdependence
bilingual clusters
nl front
discourse settings
common ones
probabilities together
word bu
substitution site
provides structure
naive approach
dependency size
view independence
kohonen map
generation issues
audio hot
translation teams
alternative theory
immediate corollary
large automata
morpheme lattice
easy handling
certain phenomena
multiple pieces
prepositional complement
whose interpretation
naive state
clause p
istituto di
sense j
restrictive modification
discourse semantic
coreference relations
neighbor clustering
ace evaluation
analysis shown
9 percent
schank 1973
entries like
completely ignore
parsetalk system
application functions
get language
phase 1
minor problems
conditional replacement
occur fairly
transfer operation
annotation tool
subsequent training
proposed syntax
structure tagger
stark contrast
centering theories
ccl corpus
109 speakers
exemple les
robust wsd
de robert
one reduction
five slots
one correct
proper segment
another array
real madrid
primary tree
attribute values
since events
sort lattice
situation model
third sighan
first person
first briefly
cultural co
tv sets
discourse labels
semantic maping
using wildcards
information normally
create various
ml estimates
pas les
potential cause
extracted answer
category cannot
unit analysis
normalized model
convergence may
history view
basic condition
language recognized
life data
dialogue transcripts
matrices based
viterbi algorithms
significant pairs
hard examples
situation theoretic
unsupervised approaches
average speedup
central core
specify certain
scf cues
vpc identification
inaccurate estimates
weak subsumption
thus plays
example queries
datr lexicons
formalism used
syntactic structures
interaction constraint
isomorphic structures
temporal localizer
building sample
intermediate goal
referential ambiguity
guided process
performance measure
passonneau 1995
fast plane
studying discourse
clean parallel
best summary
methods depend
partial constituents
mak e
avoid confusion
10 qa
appropriate context
content values
basic network
space separated
ambiguity occurrence
dependency within
incremental step
integrated approach
high overgeneration
text categorizer
response template
research undertaken
second table
base nouns
array block
negative set
text searching
various engines
jaccard metric
elementary structures
certain methods
practical work
lexicons whose
segmentation level
sophisticated language
secondary events
sense unit
dictionary translation
general explanation
hongyuan team
concern two
midas system
lb man
address word
using alignments
e complex
segment set
analysis contains
selection phase
individual named
phonetic representations
numbers associated
translated restriction
attributes like
kilgarriff 2001
structure enables
proof steps
generated data
three cases
l data
english telephone
null without
position classes
steps 3
accurate wsd
sentence dependent
second clause
requirements posed
boolean algebra
edit evaluations
adjunct clause
grammar runs
name query
balanced translation
telic quale
supertag assignment
language conventions
wordnet thesaurus
best speaker
strategies lead
stress properties
formal syntactic
a53a10a9 a61
system combination
take sentences
generation based
smaller problems
ace value
noun component
performance loss
event expectation
exchange algorithm
inappropriate use
jensen semantics
every employee
recognizer based
general location
goal detection
salient points
analysis level
instead use
similar concept
defined process
mats rooth
capabilities based
ontology employed
statistical distribution
handle problems
structure terms
error class
inherent information
possible l
causes difficulties
extractor module
building topic
adaptive training
merging results
traits de
authoring tool
find matching
context outside
project based
basic expression
powerful tea
lexical transducers
article pairs
annotation rules
v co
two wsd
every adjective
lightweight dependency
w z
entropy metric
left structure
semantic ambiguity
adding feature
use visual
open slots
contingency table
output relations
svd analysis
make notes
sf types
direction information
multimodal architecture
relations observed
para la
dialogue excerpts
active phrases
uses heuristics
large changes
lcs templates
transduction problem
morphological description
probable paths
models containing
saturated category
2 furthermore
office environments
make clearer
transitive clause
sentence translations
sentential patterns
templates contain
constant z
inference system
several degrees
last analysis
also base
system recommends
evolutionary techniques
b phrases
evaluation stage
de contr61e
longer n
additional structural
allow processing
lp verbs
descriptors whose
finite alphabet
regent court
company names
also obey
manner adverb
processing require
browsing mode
grammar generation
second byte
following things
emotion classes
lattice arcs
observing part
particular interface
biological sequence
translation probability
parser system
entire target
subject analysis
computational stylistics
specific position
text must
language games
ritchie 1969
semantic variable
logical translations
example generated
jsr problem
use pos
engine machine
condition concerns
compression scheme
heuristics suggest
smaller units
z ranges
different goals
motivation behind
academia sinica
task requirements
specific output
fragmental patterns
access application
classification kernel
third fleet
vocabulary asr
investor group
presupposition differs
human alignment
form provides
le discours
features reflecting
reference assumption
narrative understanding
traditional school
length 100
affect retrieval
presented model
graph obtained
g semantic
cannot cause
goal underlying
4 word
dirichlet process
first training
new module
graph algorithm
offer us
multiple domain
exact counterpart
big business
given dependency
marcus parsing
given gene
shallow layer
partial hypothesis
somerset al
z annotation
obvious drawback
shows average
pattern 2
large ones
bayesian models
write rule
user corrects
program allows
integration agent
verb typically
whose referents
x triangleleft
brain stem
brants 2000
phrase choice
look closely
701 v0
variables used
problem posed
parser writer
case rather
estimated noise
interpreter works
singular np
unless p
edit regions
output voice
syntactic requirement
new agents
word experts
choose either
nonlinear patterns
technical advice
phonological phrases
john enjoyed
methodological point
c99 algorithm
match v
panel evaluation
worse scores
basic ideas
multiple candidate
nonspec dependency
letters corpus
types mentioned
worth remarking
hierarchy using
japanese dictionaries
q0 e
absolute likelihood
simply shows
structures matching
context gives
various news
output might
token occurrence
ambiguities involving
various classifiers
muc messages
grammatical paraphrases
third radicals
perspective shifts
similar ranking
peter owns
indicative features
common lisp
os de
event sentence
message tst2
several phrases
journal task
length l
lab members
three cl
abstract case
family relations
two object
briefly indicate
sample discourse
execution trace
greatest impact
martin roles
g may
associative information
utility metrics
marked pp
p x
generated queries
level clauses
initial generation
eugene charniak
use prosody
candidate dependency
constituent sentences
shortest path
single factor
character matches
6 summarises
segment contiguity
correct translations
large dataset
uncountable nouns
interpretations cannot
arc could
sense granularity
parts program
asks whether
conjoined verb
jth element
pronouns found
passive use
e stand
tableau procedure
h w
layer number
one hierarchical
aided instruction
two algorithms
constraints expressing
user employs
two frame
user acceptance
common entity
phonotactic descriptions
summary contained
ivir et
vocabulary covers
tmr language
large tagset
stochastic techniques
strong collocation
component events
labeled morphemes
complexity classes
grammar inversion
corner transform
distinct terms
vocabulary rates
plan recognizer
extracting rules
case 4
forming operator
arabic alphabet
two filtering
linked pages
phrasal structure
entity chunkers
words fj1
defl x
latent sentence
speech algorithm
regard de
super uous
two node
two schemes
common categories
principles discussed
feature geometry
adaptation domain
casser sa
maintain dialogue
yielding p
handle cases
empirical studies
similarity provides
implies mr
nlu application
recent results
linguists may
performing tasks
cubed algorithm
human error
phrase posterior
frigid weather
preposition senses
complex semantics
almost everything
shared area
graphic interfaces
20 cases
ecg formalism
null perhaps
rule specified
lexicon generated
computational algorithms
measure recall
intermediate parse
bootstrap sampling
information resource
villemonte de
initial formulation
john e
syntactic bootstrapping
english analysis
large impact
generative phrase
engineering tool
per english
program took
system scores
record high
utterances within
redundant elements
relaxed cnf
generalized pattern
provided information
attribute classes
input depends
term occurrence
density measure
grammatical error
overall algorithm
preposition attachment
unbounded number
complex lp
easily support
cannot dominate
single pronunciation
discovery problem
june 1980
x h
extended algorithm
special part
four type
web search
gap would
role playing
name comes
et aussi
order state
like patterns
simple filters
nodes tn
likes himselfi
e two
multilingual instructions
names available
strong cue
good predictors
similar arguments
fragmentary parser
grishman 1995
object recognition
hierarchical network
preposed appositives
hypothesis could
matrix shown
x fi
generator g
best mode
induced lexicon
transition graph
egocentric reference
ce point
de barcelona
match algorithms
random sense
f p
counts less
concise sentences
atlas conceptual
describe various
name category
candidate instances
best category
expressions one
likely answers
maximum fa
order independent
clustering outperforms
kernel consists
broader concept
properties involved
informative feature
space representations
either z
high speeds
standard method
language input
fixed window
analyses found
buffer contains
castellan jr
content classes
000 items
irrelevant options
first l
word called
either v
c 7
count collection
l generated
weight assignment
tile recall
conventional notation
problem description
rate varies
n words
data still
general restrictions
highest frequency
form h
although b
secondary codings
dutch morphology
atomic values
business intelligence
fewer total
9 words
style lexical
baseline using
e au
michael mccord
discusses previous
primary among
next sections
community languages
target sentence
driven parsers
index record
goal suggested
transition parameters
unbiased estimator
generation de
method assigns
accurate transcription
using greedy
one cb
additional gains
find documents
four primary
construction process
receive higher
contribute significantly
classification score
space considerably
year corpus
lexicon merging
graph corresponds
test tuples
phrase detection
cognate matching
basque government
form fi
des modifications
improves results
subdialogue phase
basic query
distance indicates
access dialogue
mark token
projects sponsored
type combinations
user lexicon
given proof
lexicon stores
conventional tfidf
finer classification
including material
absolute values
cultural context
countability distinctions
semantic complexity
corresponding element
si les
extraction technologies
correct webpage
parsing devices
correlated tasks
extension involves
sentence clusters
buccleuch place
fair coin
conll2004 shared
money market
recursive attribute
word represents
based way
quickly becomes
5 relates
theoretical considerations
specific patterns
general news
non integer
recipe r
like representations
graesser et
bare verb
action commands
verbal adjuncts
care units
fifth row
index variable
syntactic theories
levin verbs
component whose
generic document
pairs appear
human comprehension
evaluation makes
round square
5 subjects
planner makes
smaller phrase
effective model
every chinese
vary depending
act discourse
planner starts
differing degrees
tag trigrams
anterior bunsetsu
adult model
provide coverage
expected success
matrix contains
whose details
systems consists
notable feature
whose likelihood
number gives
tile computational
vague temporal
hearer presupposition
moved wh
training bitext
lookup strategy
syntactic tasks
two states
dependent processes
referential net
letter c
irrelevant words
structure based
wi denotes
query building
words comprising
document browsing
flight number
based methodology
une lois
object via
sstc annotation
franz lisp
incorrect translation
discourse proposition
strings instead
greedy algorithms
les descriptions
matrix level
single random
meaning symbols
hjth word
word e
home phone
adjective clauses
lisp atom
character code
ten sub
simple processing
grammar derivations
occur also
4 example
word nes
grammars contain
annotation editor
recursive types
article type
senses could
general communicative
raw document
e structure
good heuristic
new mappings
standard classifiers
appear twice
december 1999
optimal tree
word follows
compound np
nous pensons
training required
10 speakers
perform certain
parsing step
person must
communication acts
make plans
predicative clause
cartesian product
specific representations
wordnet graph
discriminative ability
tag frequencies
chunk k
sample complexity
bounded amount
document vector
cannot respond
better support
coverage japanese
annotated list
planner might
existential presuppositions
good retrieval
pivot parser
link probabilities
network becomes
standardized orthography
currency expressions
international research
exponential expansion
coreference based
paths keyed
therefore proposes
contains noise
alternative fills
three terms
using n
mean value
significant improvement
error probability
afips washington
global quality
containing complex
solution may
complete distribution
simplification transformations
closing parenthesis
demonstrative pronoun
smaller range
large categories
either node
ambiguous occurrences
return zero
one grammar
terms either
syntactical analysis
compositional expressions
correct clusters
color coding
corresponding characters
theoretic algorithm
analyses generated
bearing units
additional entry
dual distribution
occur across
five disjoint
feature cannot
previous verb
simple step
grammatical category
large trees
red doctrine
special manner
software support
valence information
share part
domains referred
coordinate relation
annotation elements
type relation
given coreference
t2 iff
empirical techniques
best number
blank positions
defining attributes
causal actant
full articles
common machine
good feature
several source
context constituents
good examples
call commands
acoustic match
user would
c g
approach means
find structure
genitive np
european etymology
general concept
since discourse
relax constraints
null stance
used search
segmenter uses
13 e
regularities within
accuracy percentages
also plays
une valeur
standard phonological
reasonable limits
educational programs
many content
search expression
search effectiveness
8 k
morphology model
report recall
compression effect
indicate structure
epistemic attitudes
instances like
word f
connecting expressions
structures selected
original phrases
significantly decrease
13 indicators
chinese test
marcus 1995
provide suitable
following objectives
grams based
vector 0
rules also
right word
permutation system
module chooses
broken bone
based lexica
linear text
unification formalisms
steps use
accuracy figure
one unit
graphs show
theiler stages
descendant nodes
value means
referential elements
toefl essays
include traces
segmented units
entry n
definition 15
removing non
hierarchical alignment
spelling change
structures even
head span
produce longer
three subsystems
evaluation corpus
data size
collaborating agents
core language
major drawback
lexicalist approaches
small variations
whose values
various arguments
peuvent 8tre
pcfg distribution
integrates speech
numerous applications
procedures like
general expectations
generalized context
utterance produced
fuzzy nature
language program
underlying word
abstract properties
coder 2
complete nps
presuppositional information
prosodic category
medical area
news corpora
combined corpus
graph traversal
ranking parses
closed lexical
key intuition
standard concept
sophisticated models
evaluation approach
molecular biology
industry development
monetary expression
oral language
nlp interface
rules involved
based constraint
clarification seeking
concept types
empirical lattice
assistance systems
framework introduced
features combinations
synthesis system
correct inference
goal table
nearness conditions
rules across
projects based
layer 2
attribute identification
equals recall
gesture may
view since
locality principles
new p
combined approach
reminds us
phrase test
theoretical side
ne grammars
every cell
unicode character
cue detection
ed form
one relevant
model 3
multilingual word
one segment
simplified way
full time
meyer et
combined state
generic principles
second picture
du sud
output based
text phrases
indexing accuracy
leftmost child
charniak 1997
tile joint
association ratio
noun1 prep
time table
goal clause
full speech
foreground lexicon
cky parser
allow null
language need
method becomes
support tools
template task
semantic elements
135 categories
5 n
ann meets
np accuracy
descriptive linguist
lord element
prepositional adverbs
p a1
12 x
case summary
intersentential pronominal
radev 1995
extraction technology
incoming news
predefined templates
generated labels
giving users
hidden marker
basic functional
figure 4
noun bank
language takes
specialized lexical
ambiguous case
module du
memory without
model interpolation
ce type
facilitate parsing
four reference
null research
language tool
system specifications
current training
fluency scores
semantic preferences
abstract descriptions
net system
lexical morpheme
applications described
content identification
video tape
sample transductions
preferred approach
questions involve
agent layer
statistical database
language ambiguity
dynamic adjectives
word sets
rich feature
coders disagreed
observation space
b sentences
data within
similar conclusion
writing task
direct knowledge
dialogue toolkit
conceptual distinctions
score gives
syntactic collocations
l may
domain pattern
peter heeman
ai lab
produced promising
dictionary lookup
constituent nps
whole set
stemming backoff
reflect changes
assumes top
arguments tend
das buch
remaining instances
enhancements include
que par
possessed nominals
set type
next proposition
tree resulting
agent chooses
experiments 3
accept input
allowing students
major cause
experiment setting
network structures
positive adjectives
three issues
system represents
first describe
suitable way
grammatical number
great attention
unambiguously represent
effort needs
structure de
efficient retrieval
procedure takes
mu lin
generate sense
route follower
thank kathy
cooccurrence counts
interruptions occur
development process
domain goals
exclusive arcs
sentence realiser
present scheme
class homography
table structure
database generation
3 serves
two case
20 terms
discourse plans
monolingual lexical
long pauses
arts degree
theoretic interpretation
multiclass crf
important units
learning feedback
percentage agreement
without difficulty
model supports
sense labeling
certain feature
word described
neca mnlg
certain examples
corpus along
perform reliably
branching node
possibility would
combines information
visual object
programming style
extensive grammar
average mi
wind speed
special form
doctors recommend
see pollard
editing time
another criticism
one triple
rules produced
difference among
phonological component
randomly generate
represent hierarchical
logical symbols
top scores
1993 evaluation
similar templates
structure broker
obtain information
second result
cascaded system
grants gr
assignment costs
necessary component
tas k
tqa system
original encoding
one attachment
sound change
expert queries
sumitomo electric
models require
interface requires
trace information
tree created
recover implicit
appropriate information
set covers
syntactic expectation
compound rules
speaking action
andreas stolcke
search proceeds
system poses
supertags per
automated agent
performs full
several explanations
grammar application
model yielded
several component
rt 3
girard 1987
additional goals
de syntagmes
police kill
simple idea
less language
parsers take
given abstract
several sentences
speaker using
two themes
political flight
enough samples
problem whose
func algorithm
based relevance
system follows
sentences allocated
muc texts
level constraints
analysis suggest
event recognition
solar system
s3ls training
object deletion
modifier attachments
currently contains
train word
word prediction
optimal tag
several students
reverse lr
critical need
real possibility
increase compared
decoding procedures
topological dependency
li c
ilc feature
one alternative
algorithm consists
important contributions
readings produced
atis benchmark
analysis file
sample annotation
allowable combinations
200 questions
give rise
statistical filter
constituents occur
grades 3
single intermediate
french uses
three subprocesses
crafted grammars
aspectual adverbials
preference rather
gemination rule
generation model
two argument
performing learning
generating sentence
count word
system overview
lexical resource
lexicalized structure
e response
qui fait
pearson et
image segmentation
function union
compound like
n operator
medical documents
critical period
bound label
within constraint
japanese transfer
clue expressions
strictly head
research institute
japanese cooccurrence
bilexical parsing
values also
discourse functions
underlying event
remain within
additional space
operating memory
verbs appearing
technique seems
tree contained
wordnet verb
prefix estimate
possession relation
answer passage
special categories
90 degrees
one basis
monotone alignments
relative jump
important stage
text encoding
therefore need
delivered systems
attains accuracy
produce rules
attribute ordering
correlation coefficient
gure 2
particular pieces
pattern construction
right bottom
ignoring tense
tr scores
program contains
construct either
character form
apparent improvement
found word
initial draft
established links
f 15
concept schemata
scoring functions
experiments yielded
rank scores
understanding abilities
focus exponent
pertinent information
device used
unaligned nodes
language like
pragmatic perspective
annotation effort
manager provides
system managed
produces data
current l
classifier assigns
classification case
words altogether
small collections
news stories
central park
tense attribute
probabilities according
alep formalism
cases already
define words
dependency among
several predicates
actual errors
concatenative morphological
screen reader
root subdialogue
random extraction
production type
r knows
natural application
generator consists
original source
june 1988
arabic number
logic c
answers using
selection heuristics
initial application
gibbs sampling
correspond au
terms appear
cohesive ties
x 0208
question without
effect rules
identification schema
mcenery et
instance consists
joint effort
project funded
agnt node
texts could
strings labeling
dislog rule
values across
known phrases
call information
varea et
six papers
unification parser
nodes realised
que paul
accent restoration
means 4
propagation rule
intensional structures
major processing
topic concept
alignment types
shows great
thank jerry
relations implicit
cf grammar
bol model
move toward
process questions
table rows
every morpheme
boolean semiring
novel methods
daunting task
approach implies
world text
domain requires
bit worse
information means
syntactic sentence
alignment techniques
tanimoto distance
section would
paragraph units
gram frequency
combining phrases
function means
figurative phrases
training consists
briscoe large
restrictions since
n sequences
complete document
ranking task
learned dialogue
sentence lengths
second area
pierre isabelle
srl accuracy
processing considerations
associated processes
shi fen
fewer characters
intrinsic metrics
participants within
tag g
intelligence reports
obtains good
3 absolute
spoken corrections
ccg parsers
procedure finds
study get
referring part
several prototype
processing makes
typing system
elementary sentence
transfer errors
processing starts
military message
best transformation
mails posted
attachment process
word currently
kameyama 1986
semantic attributes
information extracted
annotating documents
northwest airlines
maximum overlap
average reaction
dictionaries tend
trees allow
among heads
several sites
program execution
type labels
constraint since
declarative grammatical
multiple answer
step involving
adequate parsing
ne parle
speech dialog
eight types
verbal complements
argumentative structure
reasonable bounds
bootstrap samples
text source
minimal generalization
major step
limited training
web results
much noise
linear relationship
modal operator
case category
million examples
syntactic learning
needs knowledge
indexing technique
su 1993
local document
notational simplicity
support rapid
remaining antecedent
keyboard dialogues
meeting action
considerably increase
alveolar stop
suffix list
pronoun binding
nagata et
type may
interactive q
composite model
individual item
maps words
4 character
grammar developer
error correction
snippet extraction
focus also
linguistic environment
component finds
entire constituents
type first
unique concept
following pi
domain context
simulated speech
empty path
projection methods
coded examples
mechanism needed
overall dialog
thematic material
however none
adjacent block
important phrase
th document
alignment lattice
likely state
neighbour approach
163 sentences
substantial effort
access depends
system sets
interpretation mapping
matched n
without lexicon
rewriting task
children would
assume x
rpda language
grammar roles
feature changes
cucchiarelli et
one link
cross dependencies
asymmetric coherence
standard fsm
topical categories
diverse enough
zipf curve
okay distinction
seeing word
terminal word
theoretical justifications
frame similarity
grammar symbol
phrase translated
organizational names
different adjectives
transliteration module
wsd tasks
occurring collaborative
hypothesis output
function evaluation
three subportions
representative sentences
initial prepositional
document di
yor process
mokhtar et
distinct word
large chunk
agent holds
database using
logic allows
takamura et
strings taken
labelled task
grammatical competition
step results
ne est
g functions
key information
value set
questionnaire survey
distance word
affects performance
two thousand
gene tagger
slight modification
subjective character
article focuses
contains 19
words using
th r
object verb
worlds compatible
overlapping n
information tends
paragraphs may
boolean matrix
multiple machine
firm conclusions
played tuba
method induces
operators based
theories make
determiner system
noun used
linear combinations
relies heavily
achieves 95
several dozens
fischer et
enable efficient
matching algorithms
output texts
parse strategy
20000 words
system incorporates
third applicability
police station
1 measure
help greatly
previous search
noun plural
sentence ending
system described
scale use
intransitive sense
particular domain
introductory modifier
main tasks
mental operations
extensible dependency
system walkthrough
final accuracy
expressing surprise
combine phrases
mercury level
develop efficient
usable form
french collocation
b produces
position would
represent time
adjunction analysis
probable translation
burning house
large variety
since elements
common semantics
includes domain
work needs
syntactic interpretations
sentence detected
czech machine
bearing terms
matching node
elementary auxiliary
celui de
g n
represent speech
matching schemes
conventional chart
c consists
selecting information
possessive forms
frequency dictionary
graph grammars
defined threshold
model c
web resources
lhs symbol
french translations
academic papers
methods 1
particular candidate
complete database
project homepage
separate sources
assumption used
program transformations
sri decipher
wise entailment
stumbling blocks
a56a59a58 a21
bob carpenter
establish coreference
better quality
xtra project
extract structured
matched constituents
subject group
constructed texts
1 loss
atom format
answer among
calculating jcijj
readers unfamiliar
recognizer trained
mental activity
two properties
sentence accuracy
topic relevance
initial success
lsa space
grammatical transformation
character tokens
ambiguous descriptions
local beam
five alignment
prosodic cues
left arm
tile common
garden path
physical actions
entire hypothesis
nominal type
null tween
basic english
original sentences
un probl
translation application
distance curve
behavior cannot
rule hypotheses
proteus system
model needs
example 41
de sa
value system
information value
cahill et
lexical graphs
hapax words
cannot reasonably
time complexities
function value
flow analyzer
questions could
random house
identifying instances
input notation
automatic conversion
allows arbitrary
one satellite
ordering events
processing approach
model use
morpheme candidates
efficiency gained
style qa
paraphrases extracted
predicted value
general conclusion
choice would
ayl r
navy personnel
processing state
units involved
sentence locations
facts required
overlapping constituents
evaluating text
accurate descriptions
feature algebra
sms language
form bigrams
units across
computation time
model reflects
junction nodes
evaluation must
types covered
use definite
planner must
one issue
results use
marked system
prevent inappropriate
document database
computational properties
participial clause
different consequences
communication via
elements appearing
orthographic mapping
contrast different
cases depending
motivated system
l low
spoken communication
flexibility required
ways ambiguous
higher parsing
basic scores
overarching framework
objects correspond
marker disambiguation
proposition p
method generally
rough guide
structure model
simplest case
vector graphics
sort candidates
language line
grained da
dialogic interaction
complexity properties
marker signals
times higher
negative facts
corresponding gold
preferred collocation
word lemmas
farmer owns
product ids
two descriptions
third point
word training
loop system
corresponding contexts
lambek theorem
oe coling
correspondance entre
xml parser
raw corpora
paste method
transformation method
selected paragraphs
clinical outcomes
clusters c
parse hypothesis
nouns constitute
interacting pairs
yield significantly
interaction occurs
subjects assigned
first things
contextual words
formelles dans
every kid
virtual respondent
processing behavior
sentences starting
global analysis
combining symbolic
amber learns
word endings
microphone type
cream cones
memm capitalizer
deterministic translation
process also
given span
statistical probabilities
bnf specification
abstraction rules
right quadrant
structure similar
expression corresponding
applying word
among experts
text sentences
bateman 1991
normal punctuation
corpus distributions
simplified mmaxql
elixir none
nlp processes
large state
array data
categorization phase
left input
sufficient amounts
nonspeech events
features may
undesirable consequences
keeping recall
classes extracted
order inference
corresponding correct
jon kleinberg
still implies
common uses
lexical strings
labor needed
reuters news
armed forces
tipster participants
subsequent versions
event interval
ie components
features first
transformation learning
language elements
implementation must
ef ciently
empirical average
go hand
unit classifier
verb complex
a0a2a1 a3
conditional model
pragmatic knowledge
one deictic
whose identification
possible trigrams
multiple positions
work demonstrates
produces less
update requests
applied text
defining specific
warning messages
libsvm package
primary objective
called hidden
human experts
good patterns
call x
based dependency
based gene
empty list
pierrehumbert 1980
absolute differences
four sections
based templates
de traiter
season high
standard bag
latter measure
reverse case
hypothesis formation
synonym relationship
particular production
steps shown
pivot words
time span
primitive dependencies
highest potential
associated domain
3 f
head structure
process involved
iv word
help assess
system framework
margins svm
generate extraction
happy man
pronunciation system
poor accuracy
past operator
provide redundant
also assess
phenomena represented
stemmed nouns
grammatical inflections
traditional atn
prerequisite propositions
internal negation
joint probability
formal constraints
three word
role tagging
improve lexical
form suitable
effective cross
functional specifications
ontology defined
different algorithmic
called bridging
orthographic rules
cosine measure
coverage parser
academy award
distributed search
originating context
span one
show strong
doc id
institut de
relations denoted
lead sentence
combinatory operation
language annotation
quality would
good portion
sighan workshop
four nouns
pasta system
sufficient quantities
disambiguated sentence
peculiar property
cer results
test entropy
four simple
joint segmentation
signatures would
linguistic constructs
overall difference
systems work
target graph
intended propositional
cooper storage
transcripts using
undefined word
new configuration
recognition devices
interpretation proposed
heavy traffic
locating adverbials
bayesian belief
work took
variable a150
attribute would
subordinated debentures
000 blankets
slash unit
new spd
grams model
spectral subtraction
advice may
pay back
largest entry
dependency parsing
travelling scholarship
nested loop
tres de
classifier outperforms
boundary probabilities
crucial importance
sentence comparison
represent alternative
null english
10 senses
1 refers
try choice
corpus extraction
method employing
complex symbols
used resources
lin measure
det e
rule definitions
range category
recognition processing
typical noun
objects participating
density estimation
normalized document
popescu et
generalized information
selected document
assigns grammatical
drawn without
speech indexing
case distinction
sls evaluations
nl parser
communication situation
worst time
expensive search
fit well
perform accurate
communal project
spanish translations
input fd
cabinet approval
computer could
components would
reasoning component
bilingual pairs
message extraction
distributed development
necessary amount
world data
general test
path recognizing
neural nodes
common prepositions
content would
variable position
linguistic focus
model took
scheduling overhead
korean alphabets
1 lb
deictic use
various portions
string contexts
information set
de dictionnaire
phrase search
translations per
constructive logic
label given
since class
synonym acquisition
referring form
function set
soft clusters
original cnf
target interval
e events
cluster stopping
schematic form
example due
test 3
classes represent
recent language
transducers r
partial constraint
large files
des diff
database application
lexical parser
adjective sense
maria das
factor w
per person
auxiliary lexicon
cosine correlation
intended analysis
3 sets
overt markers
text exploration
hypothetical case
leftward movement
skip ratio
string divided
nonliteral set
improve automatic
perform classification
preferences rather
text asserts
stede 2003
term spoken
word internal
disjunctive description
decision made
several pairs
past approaches
transparent head
semantic smoothing
construct feature
resulting rules
trade agreement
recognition step
process produced
data sharing
beta testing
six languages
describe linguistic
reviews related
hand requires
maxwell iii
chunker output
bbn model
variant 1
generated plans
failure caused
much interesting
conceptual network
party dialogue
additional benefits
completeness conditions
true performance
mining tools
perform badly
new series
adequately support
n feature
feature categories
segmented version
nothing follows
many useless
speech samples
constraint imposes
thus measure
summarization tool
different position
structural manipulation
based robust
neither word
pw lexicon
first versions
obvious analogy
occurs almost
important characteristic
projects funded
surface expression
final column
input content
fact extractors
work appears
slots using
tile subject
similarity features
standard test
procedural information
general proof
several predicate
bridgestone sports
disjoint feature
size distribution
bracketing phase
different output
comprehensive view
collocational property
anaphor generation
parallel documents
user find
predicate dictionary
independent grammar
grounding unit
orthographic variants
fire mission
verb direct
internet sources
analysis seems
sentence cluster
consonant clusters
theoretic grammars
transport information
simplified subset
3 described
name f
principal processing
problem statement
defining clauses
simplified forms
significant factor
doctoral fellowship
tagged material
common hypernyms
linguistics improve
1 reveals
coverage evaluation
useful heuristics
contain definitions
phrase begins
le 1
simplistic model
resolving zero
100 news
e noventa
intermediate frequency
operations related
initial capitalization
linguistic formalisms
adjacent nodes
describes research
node condition
segmentation score
extracting resolution
within dependency
input item
vocal tract
different partial
trigger vp
conceptual expression
certain parts
handle gaps
information system
output media
obtaining counts
computational architecture
low order
1 c
phase 3
nsf research
thus supports
inflectional paradigm
lower np
intransitive forms
frequency among
system picks
combining component
frequency order
combine propositions
smaller texts
anaphors referring
uses essentially
based substitution
tag consists
interactive proof
questions requiring
model appears
negative cases
case analyses
methods performed
view may
root sequent
hand context
combining sentences
grammars containing
alternative tree
relation signalled
handle texts
greatly simplifies
hard copy
actions taken
concept representation
extract salient
paths already
obligatory role
overall degree
subject fields
utterance requires
time map
provide confidence
perfect passive
empirical matter
nominal reference
similarity across
people could
syntactic recognition
riptides system
left daughter
position rule
meaning items
prior intention
synonym relation
interrogative clause
confidence 8
short passage
linguistic well
phrases would
topics related
entities recognized
attachment structure
certain portion
fully specifies
e orts
different x
good soba
independent unit
analysis frame
john bought
speech components
last year
20 word
prendre en
6 co
nerc systems
animation system
token feature
ranked documents
system training
varying lengths
model works
1000 sentence
potential confusors
still others
26 n
global lsi
region within
illocutionary acts
ripper algorithm
sole remaining
clearer idea
lexical weighting
event verb
example 33
normalized database
vincent della
often result
word sequence
fass 1986
ultimate objective
suitable subset
syntactic counterpart
current grammatical
yield different
e whose
michael g
different capabilities
language class
transducers used
regular paradigms
ir systems
genetic operators
program synthesis
embedded relative
including unification
simplex verb
slot requires
argument nps
additional heuristic
individual dictionary
tom knows
k discourse
research purposes
interpretation quality
contains roughly
complete fall
following phoneme
report precision
unary functions
corresponding variables
summarization rules
le pivot
systems written
experimental application
expansion requires
term overlap
conventional use
transitivity axioms
december 1982
path includes
main sentence
broad context
deep interpretation
towards shorter
frequent error
nlp domain
darpa initiative
l n
llr score
matching engine
per training
algorithm resembles
discovery methods
aligned training
consists simply
one containing
trees without
extension function
9 cases
side elements
values returned
rules presented
tricky negotiations
weighted abductive
grammars cannot
level forms
choice rule
following relationships
already possess
tables 1
set operations
argument movement
utterance context
6 weeks
word lattices
three example
assertional part
use directly
structural similarities
japanese ones
bank consists
v x
pointing gestures
reiter 1978
pollack 1985
person mentioned
5 plots
working sdss
appropriate sort
top prediction
processing conditions
template produced
dominance constraints
prediction composer
phrasetable smoothing
john intends
develo p
automatic paraphrase
based recognizers
tdl semantic
corelli plug
une structure
matches based
complementary knowledge
determined sas
timbl memory
three model
7 figure
location case
term feature
computational relational
additional control
either recall
rules cover
several facilities
classifier always
preference category
rule returns
ts decoder
grammar tries
000 operations
functions assigned
provide methods
task required
default fs
parallel structure
cooccurrence score
eme systems
expanding non
shared language
based coreference
see diagram
reliable performance
function words
relative strengths
positional particles
zajic et
program file
tdt corpus
produces simple
code 2
slot context
hannah likes
specific organization
relation called
free grammar
increasing need
frame attribute
1 allows
predicted words
multilingual lexical
character corpus
variable patterns
geometric size
privacy protection
network method
charniak 75a
natural ways
base instance
ontological type
book review
unsupervised modules
separate treatment
higher speed
manual clustering
values calculated
called discourse
formal sense
fewer correct
dimensional grid
generic speech
scale ir
annealing schedule
one cannot
ner method
rules requires
types match
baseline figures
implement one
john sleeps
arpa grant
realization stage
secondary schools
texts judged
fragment appears
linguistic problem
two phrasal
subjects agree
tape version
using camp
verb structure
quanti cation
milliseconds per
ranking features
phenomena also
b used
relevant definitions
speech analysis
regular verb
categorizatio n
dialogue tree
structural positions
june 90
recognition within
rule tags
network learning
particular entity
fixed forms
target verb
chunking model
pundit system
lexical value
thus define
statistical grammar
content expressed
temporal expression
general clause
riccardi et
subordinate role
dissimilarity measure
root state
791 sentences
dutch version
typed lambda
prolog rules
second response
model finally
thus refers
end part
compelling reason
know user
include determining
local probabilities
subjective element
combined phrases
grammar consisted
overlapping parse
certain concepts
accuracy equals
processing must
sentence together
particular categories
frame types
referent scene
small quantity
longest substring
anaphoric types
new objects
software components
took longer
sahence factors
tel scheme
common consensus
stochastic disambiguation
many writers
simple threshold
developed systems
generative model
intermediate forms
length 7
detailed coverage
latter needs
ning sentences
entries using
raw speech
hoc information
level extraction
given documents
naming system
words differently
kamp 1981
deverbal nominalizations
latter use
small e
produced translations
phenomena involved
system internal
possibilit6 de
15 nonterminals
substitution sites
phenomena across
contains f
chart parse
straight rule
case inflections
measure 4
oriented methods
actual problem
3 person
model estimation
expressions 1
obtained fi
bad choice
string variables
comparable parsing
adjacent text
hmm models
category corresponding
articles found
structural chunk
economic activity
final items
domain information
parser performs
zero scores
experiment demonstrated
assumed domain
informal text
defense advanced
averaged recall
acoustic verification
linguistic inputs
r given
8 iterations
two realizations
specific synset
np since
recent paper
100 ranking
honori c
important term
comparison would
jim clark
substantial fraction
efficient dialogues
useful baseline
ov coling
certain aspects
rarely contain
pages collected
daughter vp
labs tts
narrow domains
confidence rejection
gram occurs
pass approach
virtual worlds
postpositional word
da distribution
4 characters
behaves better
massive data
human supervisor
stored material
linear sum
characters without
corresponding grammar
defined input
sample runs
local violations
different readers
composition structure
augmented phrase
p 2
using ltag
join x
pause locations
particular nlp
reliable estimate
different representations
short introduction
alignment representation
training token
xml fragment
third data
default position
template compiler
optimal algorithm
points mentioned
data consortium
naacl 2003
labelled features
identifies several
time two
channel output
meaningful content
communication verb
word exactly
systems rather
level theory
large subsets
speech scientists
transfer problem
every evaluation
sentence count
word eaj
final point
following claim
copy dependency
corresponding weights
treebank training
adjective forms
reference word
job control
type functions
text bank
japanese honorifics
biological entities
time denoted
rasp parser
word task
interaction process
3 addresses
bootstrapping method
bies et
voice synthesis
positive closure
great effect
28 times
language syntactic
tense representation
machine classifiers
heuristics would
computing similarities
july 2004
near synonyms
implemented algorithms
smaller model
better analysis
system parses
story comprehension
tsr trees
new modeling
latter allows
subjective characters
box 2
lcs structure
nominalization patterns
noun bigram
system clearly
conversational features
topics appear
alternative tag
compression techniques
clause types
specification languages
558 sentences
mckeown generating
text pairs
vp deg
corresponding unit
slalom model
new similarity
le tools
thus c
ta men
auxiliary quasi
providing information
unsupervised word
jump distances
comb shape
agreement phenomena
tree st
consider methods
model shown
newswire documents
kobayashi et
different repair
constraining information
standard derivation
derivation takes
reasons already
analyzer cannot
patrick hanks
stochastic ot
eats cookies
military affairs
mapping ii
notre syst
type n
rapid configuration
good programming
atomic refos
levi 1978
queries might
relation definition
lexical processor
5 reports
results shown
approach directly
relative ill
pilot studies
sounding speech
also excludes
pp constructions
uses bit
tom morton
syntactic graph
dimensional vectors
implicational statements
translations produced
composable fragments
spoken data
preliminary experiments
available kss
cost measures
cs department
specification corresponds
see figure
routing situation
location zone
comparative test
driven information
intuitions underlying
different arrangements
judges whether
cannot pass
thus needs
dt system
time even
likelihood linear
one opinion
objects connected
functional framework
cucc values
predicate modifier
a23a1a0 decoding
thus use
vitamin c
briefly compare
tile network
lie behind
temporal alignment
distribution within
main thrust
interlingual representations
given structure
major groups
generalization properties
pattern morpheme
first maxim
american spanish
module simply
hyponym patterns
hold list
morphological stemmer
elliptical expressions
occurrence p
witness stand
list box
context constraint
say things
officials announced
four name
resulting annotation
allgayer et
management system
solution lies
algorithms take
high accuracy
3 training
powerful systems
uninterrupted sequences
possible entities
bound morpheme
trilingual alignment
every value
pos matrix
since t1
arbitrary label
coverage system
identified words
development verbs
man reads
style plan
improved effectiveness
markovian probabilities
best correspond
pro verb
new gold
world settings
2000 questions
inferior results
optimization methods
whose stem
unit 1
segmented texts
une extension
use individual
output wizard
motivated approaches
never cross
new contexts
relation includes
participants saw
bottom features
model contains
ban li
candidates would
order component
sense disarnbiguation
constituents cannot
initial theory
symbolic methods
negative terms
english meanings
time structure
new avenues
text creation
definition types
thesaurus class
empirically test
order sentences
words absent
sorted feature
earlier point
define feature
future work
con rmations
without non
correct pairs
18 sentences
form entry
blank symbols
cordless telephone
e discourse
toolkit also
tile expression
current versions
forms given
focus space
summit system
suitable antecedent
small sets
vp modifiers
important de
candidate structure
years worth
phonotactic network
coffee mug
using xml
act specific
recent models
language probability
used c4
model level
also measure
reliability rating
particular machine
fixed head
functional criteria
temporal query
expansion could
different dialogues
module serves
vp 1
using constraint
incorrectly assigns
relationships found
verbs involving
chinese results
perform content
interpretations corresponding
phonetic label
la condition
decision point
monolingual speakers
coda position
speaker tries
answer mails
filter bank
correct predicate
derivation rules
called associative
product 1
greedy decoder
current algorithms
created counts
history records
thus allows
virtual world
challenging issue
pairs linked
category defined
word taxonomies
negative fact
fast lookup
sentence 20
concept index
aravind k
pilot project
special conditions
produced clusters
observation x
japanese nlp
chunk contains
layer provides
aac system
perceptual properties
present invention
category principle
classify senses
1 etc
sentence styles
last user
dictionary would
surface functional
one part
right subtree
appropriate variant
current node
jovanovic et
approximate solutions
lexical system
fragment shown
general philosophy
parsed training
liberal use
appearance similarity
also supports
specified field
prefix notation
statistical basis
search specifications
better baseline
partial dependency
technique consists
incorrect argument
entropy constraint
major conclusions
manager also
order predicates
structural semantics
defining constraints
annotated lexicon
correct terminology
chunk level
separate dictionary
possible co
large clusters
language contact
person nps
separate tree
system requirements
single sentence
diaphragm moves
asynchronous mode
reflecting differences
x lscript
internal criteria
harvesting algorithm
allow input
words show
language verbalization
machinery required
indicate discourse
information access
scalable architecture
nondeterministic finite
segmentation g
reference event
desired pattern
valid rules
phrase results
distance lexical
database expert
k w
right element
animal sense
animate beings
literal language
output morphemes
english inclusions
theory without
eo knows
phrase introduced
problem solver
features functions
extraction procedure
concrete one
sentential adverb
jones industrial
technical dictionaries
segmental models
validation technique
constituent reordering
method relies
artificial grammar
procedural representations
associated answer
rule proposed
module checks
two requests
task consists
conversation analysis
adjacent utterances
computer output
radical approach
location descriptions
activation levels
approximate equation
news magazine
connection constraints
optimal function
base classifiers
maximum possible
dialogue interfaces
whittaker 1990
ababa university
approaches employ
multiple cue
additional output
system intends
k elements
via constraints
adhoc evaluation
ne group
morphology database
np reference
de caract
function ps
messages containing
case f
phonetic pronunciations
interpretations remain
pris dans
mete template
author uses
domain x
phrase besides
trec 10
techniques proposed
features n
levin class
forms corresponding
word denotes
treebank parses
order differential
features improved
sentences showed
embedded proposition
syntax requires
scalar measure
quoted expressions
translation extraction
translation correspondence
unbracketed training
approach including
morphological strategy
defined mapping
pdg corpus
pour une
store information
omitted arguments
provide spoken
summary set
recommendations made
rule action
document articles
ambiguities may
k ranges
free indirect
atomic rule
left elements
picture model
restricted form
possible pattern
enumerable languages
singleton features
determin e
n indicates
pair similarities
steering wheel
pereira et
susceptible de
input evidence
32 classes
en trois
wen ming
average branching
means simply
specification phase
boundary strengths
bleu improvement
la comparaison
empirical investigations
technology transfer
linguistic structural
simple generic
tagging process
conventional ir
figure1 shows
injective map
provide adequate
rightmost end
final type
stopword list
relation ner
quantifier scoping
contiguous subsequences
resulting class
oil filter
derivation variants
search follows
objective metrics
arbitrary points
expensive resources
phrase housing
screening filter
noun factor
input passage
possible synonyms
retrieval purposes
example suggests
unification operator
n parts
weight representation
lemma may
representations often
every set
tree schemata
tile alignment
receive activation
levin et
basic framework
since generation
lexical words
program accepts
einem spion
feature matrix
observed values
dependencies also
different partitionings
manhattan metric
local grammar
rush hour
alignments created
proceeds automatically
antecedent decisions
salient set
method often
average pos
algorithm chooses
one axiom
performs perfectly
basically use
select words
point seems
time warping
polysemous entries
mia sorella
lists consisting
complete speech
applying chain
path cic
chosen test
avons une
weight mechanism
markov transducers
certain mechanisms
disjoint parts
variables bound
bill hates
null son
copied verbatim
substitution pairs
full taxonomy
particular author
cue usage
logic translation
systematic experiments
occurrence characteristics
files corresponding
conditional distribution
combination strategy
case includes
additional capabilities
specific default
two distinctions
cannot corefer
term defines
certain noun
avoid entirely
translation agencies
algorithm rather
single auxiliary
translation theory
space shuttle
stratum 3
left anchored
new plan
result type
sentence type
english user
et sa
automated way
compositional collocations
previous nodes
dutch texts
tile summary
full production
reasoning facilities
example instance
information related
sense tokens
million yen
locate information
indirect response
subjects chose
content citation
fact noted
pcfg grammar
french sentences
accuracy respectively
character must
acquisition system
pp whose
unsegmented training
opinion articles
indicator features
3 parses
lower quality
local time
speaker meant
aftercooler elbow
recognition transcriptions
algorithm fits
narayanaswamy et
primary pool
dependencies involved
efficiency improvement
alignment candidates
dp approach
whether children
associative knowledge
help define
reduced symbol
abraham lincoln
logical type
merging procedure
em head
dependencies across
analyses assigned
performed word
tbe first
across sources
french students
rousse art
reversible grammar
also define
base concept
sole feature
single lexeme
grammar adaptation
lexical chooser
affix removal
develop grammars
2000 features
semantics field
unique derivation
languages contains
component deals
adding explicit
measure error
discharge rules
fred smith
prediction step
defined rules
animation sequences
oriented spoken
transformational decomposition
tig parser
root must
build programs
sensed versions
also refers
l go
seed tuples
syntactic verb
specific feedback
stochastic cfg
generator chooses
upper limits
oriented software
tile query
annotator selects
thank doug
complete segment
five experts
adaptation disabled
see c
function directly
e pop
600 training
overall increase
easy combination
mental actions
generation experiments
williams 1986
speech command
reported events
one foot
linear separators
hypothesized word
referring behavior
full listing
tile second
sentences lack
france press
evaluation component
haitian creole
consistent use
fair number
every system
verbal modifier
vowel lengthening
three morphemes
context frequency
semantic implication
null ring
cursory analysis
articles may
parenthetical phrases
point node
belief represented
bilexical grammars
output vector
coverage percentage
maximum liklihood
word wp
deterministic lr
morphological tenses
parsing definitions
segmenting utterances
feature corresponding
exception rather
second language
300 articles
deux classes
two distances
skin color
compaction statements
domain formation
arrived yesterday
two formulas
knowledge description
misclassi cation
communication systems
action classi
general picture
bottom row
query relevance
words depends
arbitrary arity
template pattern
proof theory
semantics expressed
formal theory
contextual lm
tion l
contextual feature
required elements
spontaneous human
particular variety
nouns rather
unification approaches
searching problems
modifications made
contextual examples
one dataset
geng yi
manual segmentations
see grosz
extended command
new variables
phrasal elements
since inversion
another measure
local segment
x ps
appropriate number
automaton p
textual form
top parses
way ambiguities
bosch et
le probl
representations needed
minipar outputs
module called
vietnamese bilingual
telegraphic text
primary difference
choices among
modal logic
shows comparisons
classifier method
document segment
present project
process requires
coherent transmissions
diagram shows
space construction
time response
arguments generated
constraints could
rule formalism
database consisted
similar documents
instances using
request type
even today
numeric code
question refers
1 contains
results improve
used language
literal relation
language generation
analysis lexicon
pk testing
de generation
lexicalized discourse
correct type
arrival location
scale translation
standard arabic
middle ages
use charniak
th segment
provide control
declarative pattern
using frequency
leech et
two stems
a1 acc
training programs
use phrase
intonational information
top sequence
area would
alternative parsing
utterance information
standard pipeline
different substructures
interior operators
data format
relaxation methods
primitive relations
paper studies
cursor position
proposed word
utterances marked
main stress
additional patterns
dico database
albert einstein
asymmetric version
one consequence
central place
gain obtained
output distribution
values could
figure represents
theoretical concern
fast algorithms
number shows
uses named
rule stating
case prediction
head whose
single answer
regime 1
trigram classes
combinatorial possibilities
contextual factors
hearst 1997
via web
subjects preferred
desired context
class since
four actions
alternative hypotheses
models must
titles revised
role whose
augmented version
993 sentences
proper positions
passive frames
solving techniques
caip center
rules available
parallel constructions
term logic
procedures using
contexts involving
symmetric matrix
also reveals
stack represents
possible chains
turn results
f0 peak
various accounts
ci sont
reduce transitions
systems much
narrative texts
codes based
expected distance
component specific
whose rule
property theory
potential tags
f1 f2
severa l
following token
ith symbol
grammars employed
clauses involving
exploring issues
word z
bilingual communities
likelihood maximization
separate tag
relative infrequency
predominant approach
user holds
synonymy class
brill 92
compatible concepts
item c
percent increase
possible phoneme
street bridge
discourse expectations
look back
entities like
cut models
longman lexicon
identical feature
available input
filter used
germanic languages
correct rates
different links
experimental sciences
con icting
textual categories
likely source
miller 1990
documentation project
special significance
sensitive information
general result
selection mark
standardized evaluation
construction tool
difficulty level
4 speakers
rscm proved
actual occurrence
elements introduced
case ner
model translation
whole range
verb constructions
right beam
possible relationships
report summary
great similarity
following work
goals along
habitual interpretation
complex morphological
similarity space
hybrid pos
features strongly
new project
iteratively learns
nil questions
relevant slot
unambiguous text
central knowledge
subordinate conjunction
structure driven
salience rankings
basic training
specific label
allan et
coming home
corpus size
call classi
arrows denote
accuracy competitive
million noun
sufficient instances
frequency algorithm
narrow range
carriage returns
second phenomenon
regular polysemy
interactive man
local attachment
weights based
marked member
structures arborescentes
module follows
search described
marcu 02
input order
present techniques
good practical
segmentable positions
binding domain
automatically judge
also use
tags included
generator network
possible context
textual answers
simple format
parse constraint
elimination rule
links l
associative cfs
ontology engineering
disambiguation accuracy
store partial
identifies terms
repose sur
binary combination
measure differs
function call
native corpus
break insertion
tenor domain
collier et
pair given
k et
framework may
bishop et
specific construction
new attribute
identifies five
e w
collection method
matrix g
potential mapping
relevant action
argumentative discourse
speed would
conflicting cases
simple rpdas
weighted languages
forward implementation
science text
spanish component
problems occurred
metonymic extension
hierarchical framework
determination algorithm
topics 101
domestic dog
v links
previous text
channel compensation
normal parsing
global classifier
one form
supertag disambiguation
information discovery
particular solution
several pages
small training
acceptable parse
probabilistic classifier
native state
earlier efforts
phone interface
equivalent expression
3 avril
news domain
descriptive answer
trados translator
revised form
display component
complement sentence
distinguishes two
mary present
medical record
global cohesion
rules enable
form equivalence
continuous causality
surface english
synonyms would
set becomes
der rat
similar structure
outgoing transitions
error surface
six components
information including
causation relation
communicative ability
linear functions
sequence since
sample application
passive frame
connected sequence
oriented adjectives
obligatory cases
via standard
n possible
tag precision
extended finite
form either
allow rules
fuzzy grammars
parent cat
local basis
covering multiple
terminal element
c programs
relations whose
high applicability
corpus within
size reduction
latter contains
field work
traditional framework
lit order
callhome spanish
briefly illustrate
weighted product
ended question
distinct element
subjective contexts
average reward
careful scientist
new types
five indicators
dependency formalism
suffix lexicon
particular semantics
time constant
feature defined
following years
3 task
wordnet nodes
fst engine
resource tree
genitive markers
construction rules
leftmost rhs
bot 12
average value
disfluency modeling
4 minutes
ne performance
one removes
new techniques
transmit information
overlapping constraint
marked cases
pnv triple
feature principle
based matching
new weights
european family
bounding rectangle
adjunct relation
new primitive
one pitch
two intervening
cooking manuals
simple np
les avantages
available online
collins parse
topological structure
context dependency
values vl
data support
observed frame
extracts relevant
inverse consultation
primary components
several procedures
full form
ranking pattern
topical clusters
4b items
ten dollars
mapping f
considerable room
nous l
encarta encyclopedia
jim davis
general area
referential success
conceptual analyses
range includes
grammatical errors
consider examples
keyword assignment
comparative judgments
many situations
person plural
frequency bi
context heterogeneity
e tr
planning committee
alphabetical order
discourse prior
systems comes
third kind
potential rules
class data
across boundaries
two disjoint
manual texts
sequential realization
performing systems
tagset size
evaluations focused
means roughly
resulting probability
event categorization
annotator agreement
languages l
single annotator
reading materials
alonge et
conversion technology
continuous model
underlined words
boundaries given
weighted function
format described
control set
novel concepts
cepstral features
frame representation
supplied constraints
last letters
concept names
benson et
lexical access
graph uni
based accounts
subordinate participial
construction like
let fl
analyst making
fsgmatch rules
structure r
best practices
3d scene
completion procedure
0 value
various documents
likelihood functions
vocabulary tasks
plural reference
subject classification
block a0a10a11
next concept
driven vs
vocnet g
correspondence points
order predicate
computer dialogues
mangu et
system per
resulting segmentation
passage de
associative operation
correctly captures
pair corresponding
hebrew verb
recognition threshold
relations apply
frame mechanism
european research
calculus formula
medline text
first recall
average percent
appropriate marker
evaluated phrase
dms template
grained characterization
base look
makes parsing
functions associated
network parameters
together specify
pragmatic errors
monolingual grammar
restrictive constructions
contains 9
tentative lexical
actual entry
boundaries correctly
units could
ing techniques
exclusive disjunction
two alternate
using dependency
annotating discourse
findings reported
action requested
using templates
another observation
score shows
second coder
linguistic implications
feature dependent
annotated rule
new lattice
lexical levels
prototypical instances
biographic information
consider factors
search framework
special phrases
words alone
exemplar weights
generating systems
like tables
single recognition
second paper
paninian framework
many ambiguities
methods 3
linearization hierarchical
acceptability judgments
ldoce verbs
independent merit
team discourse
claim sentence
corporate executive
high point
2 returns
decay factor
extractor selects
novel aspects
robert ingria
handling architecture
academic degree
feature splits
en premier
use terms
build alignment
result according
lucky number
likely sentences
sentence according
model incorporated
many languages
simple tags
fresh air
specific points
exemple du
state p
grouping process
agreement feature
state lexical
functional requirements
morphological parse
upper bounds
group using
denotes part
planner produces
proper solution
original corpora
1 l
observations table
6 information
context checking
unit variance
speech group
arcs may
0 percent
higher ratings
require pre
martin emele
process receives
experimental purposes
transfer entry
control system
first computational
performance seems
thus contains
represent changes
soon str
chunk boundary
two companies
important question
head daughter
include rules
causal connection
interface developed
volume contains
full answers
lexical presupposition
transcription error
outside method
many attempts
relation provides
a28 a5
n close
development program
utterance x
select either
intermediate processing
participant must
dialog engine
b occur
sorted logic
inverse rank
2 tags
two assessors
programming support
rissanen 1989
entry templates
transliteration modeling
finer level
material objects
situated language
estimate may
narrative model
either subject
full connectivity
semantic web
son singular
search criteria
sense corpus
clause representation
transliteration similarity
effect using
pattern extracted
frequency function
nil features
feature subsets
sequence data
human thinking
r systems
results suggest
available tool
proper semantics
propositional units
full nlp
probabilistic reasoning
maximum duration
associated semantics
whose non
using instances
finds three
dini et
000 wall
fixed step
tree set
coherent precision
proposition consisting
collect training
use c5
analyzer removes
negative word
simple mapping
commonsense algorithm
roles set
standard usage
structure database
summarized sentences
sections 0
involves much
account simultaneously
verbex 6000
step models
prr pronouns
lexical sequences
object nodes
performance score
segment word
induction framework
german chunker
la ligne
five sets
extraction strategy
available discourse
linking model
incomplete structure
conversational goals
points used
registration form
verb whose
particular vowel
bo bcbmbcbh
text corpora
also sound
value range
theresa wilson
indefinite pronouns
covers exactly
averaged precision
voice transcription
combines knowledge
alternative wordings
require certain
term hierarchy
intermediate step
case endings
immediate contexts
standardized set
whose slots
two chapters
word produced
speech field
development tool
metonymic verbs
output document
plausible translation
problem specific
wessel et
extracted items
obtain knowledge
initiative taking
prefers words
unstructured abstracts
kohonen et
responses per
several expressions
english letters
table elements
disambiguation technique
three element
many function
something somewhere
actual responses
correct according
given light
appropriate knowledge
5 templates
experiments suggest
category symbols
two programs
potential slot
explicit arguments
methods yielded
classes including
lexical approaches
lexical productivity
rules introduce
select topics
general public
a26a32a4a3 ka30
one promising
possible existence
1 translation
scores averaged
role variable
wise fashion
peut 6tre
using robust
processing component
still cases
routing systems
central operation
performance slightly
multiple effects
previous utterances
building larger
processing sentences
pour chaque
text memory
corpus length
ways users
parsing rules
different start
also preserve
complex type
method guarantees
compte des
english correspondents
provide output
system versions
match fails
null l
whole community
particular prepositions
puzzle texts
alternative algorithm
underlying similarity
ao jiang
less cost
construction net
byte integer
godis dialogue
similar extension
state composition
semantic sense
type location
possible commands
viterbi rate
training speaker
3 denotes
allen 1984
row index
postvocalic consonant
doctor cured
correct match
ie performance
message length
charniak et
evaluation measures
two phases
important propositions
organizing system
pronominal element
literature shows
final testing
second variable
local ontologies
deictic referents
nist measure
line stage
surface negation
page text
alternative proposal
grammar style
rule exists
cannot participate
linked nonterminals
linguistic phenomena
much training
simple rules
van rijsbergen
related verbs
misspelled string
morph tokens
approach combining
using substitution
sets tend
rules x
interoperability among
adequate analysis
third proposition
investigate possible
aligned versions
type city
areas identified
generalized viterbi
varied corpus
11 test
verb configurations
recursive phrase
standard results
sources available
outer probability
specialized dictionaries
algorithm initially
set con
summaries would
execution semantics
higher degree
metrics proposed
long terminal
common technique
performs feature
value computed
open sets
les boissons
class generated
28 verbs
n noun
visiting researcher
disambiguate names
tag rather
remove phone
training error
understanding depends
something specific
separate parsing
related disciplines
accuracy values
5 instances
system ruslan
step may
le coefficient
pages obtained
sophisticated way
given vpc
human task
ir point
certain explicit
mid deck
approach enables
uniform translation
suitably chosen
manual post
sections show
level within
result pages
minimal modification
word precedes
first claim
word transliteration
means thai
relation h
lumped senses
paper money
fini de
tile distinction
different skills
performs local
used models
collapse together
lai et
given wider
japanese uses
bilingual pronunciation
lexical preference
merging strategy
sentence compaction
dependencies returned
questions ask
slots named
easily understood
largest output
elliptical structures
model specifies
carreras et
algorithms deal
full machine
generation probabilities
investigative techniques
non redundant
trivial amount
containing w
fois par
inserted nodes
characterize human
g q
selection 1
phenomenon seems
meta document
topic area
indexed parser
retrieval step
created node
particular computer
concerns language
bound value
method suggested
silva et
different representational
autonomous robot
basic requirements
0 system
monolingual dictionaries
65 threshold
coverage including
chinese hownet
canonical level
character encoding
aour 1992
linguistic stemming
force dynamics
linguistic methods
different organization
level distance
qualitative causal
departamento de
morphological root
initial size
counts associated
anaphoric definite
become candidates
isa relations
syntax information
several implementation
kb concepts
called segmentation
tag 4
richer systems
increasing probability
word lists
similarity could
cmat editor
feature clusters
english lemma
efforts include
ideas could
end state
predicative relation
expand nodes
independent part
remaining verbs
purposes like
appropriate template
adult grammar
statistical mechanics
solid arrows
modality information
complementation relation
predictive model
algorithm comes
local authority
yields superior
subcategorization data
dominant feature
new members
condition b
significant advance
terms module
system yields
considerable gains
identifying groups
annotated non
orthographic markers
summary coherence
3 questions
given optimization
th respect
algorithm differs
templates corresponding
predicate coordination
algorithms appropriate
mt systems
intermediate traces
predicate corresponds
language application
illustrates three
propositional phrase
stochastic approach
certain suffix
rms mean
sorte que
attachment ambiguity
precision cannot
automatic methods
abc world
either john
sets made
based structure
spectral shape
use based
le 3
phase shift
particular subsets
parses obtained
combines statistical
worth discussing
generated concept
expressions describing
particular cue
researchers interested
developed morphological
functional grammatical
minor characters
grammatical decisions
supervised algorithm
conclusion would
automatic paraphrasing
resolving cross
marker must
errors arising
reference scheme
created frequencies
three di
sequence generated
abstract category
two channels
labels 1
surface e
significant reductions
decision makers
ce sous
semantic generalizations
faculty early
time whose
time optimization
synthesis modules
alternative corresponds
soft edge
syntactic weight
graphemic representation
shorter context
4 grammar
eight problems
mcgill 1983
rapidly becomes
sort term
way around
case alphabetics
ri 02912
negative example
nsf dbi
june 1998
interpreter would
calculation cost
alignment units
one author
differences occur
previous projects
individual languages
interaction partners
advancement organization
questions plus
one high
sentences 1
rules construct
agent framework
significant collocations
concept cl
terms added
semantic transitions
also store
increases coverage
evaluation session
unlabeled text
intended meanings
incoming documents
300 randomly
smr system
ud corpus
form feature
lamp test
query logs
discriminative parameter
words ahead
becomes smaller
e steps
medline data
tongue tip
patterns matching
transformational model
representation represents
null another
dialogues containing
single interval
tuples containing
bigram types
spent much
transfer methods
250 words
second statement
constant rate
false alarm
errors without
improving performance
0 words
possible interactions
acceptable way
allow users
time axis
management problems
break level
biological information
proposition types
cue placement
important concern
memory contains
phrase belongs
psycholinguistic models
active mention
better classifier
noteworthy feature
labelled assert
wsj parsing
complement positions
un noeud
two ideas
use term
frame index
system produced
five criteria
represent categories
node represents
german verbs
shallow parses
undergraduate students
small task
lexical facts
relevance degree
92 atis
different place
talmy 1985
grained rules
better understood
linguistic false
chinese language
printable version
credit card
logical operations
make minor
multiple locations
model three
lexical hierarchies
proof queue
dirichlet allocation
desired information
framework gives
wall unit
relation task
modern digital
final sections
levels corresponding
speech performance
wrong class
mean zero
assessment procedure
appropriateness specifications
proper cloned
tables 3
evaluation experiments
significant benefit
exactly correspond
cues automatically
stereotypical beliefs
least k
subjects heard
previous relation
detection part
require user
term copy
similarity heuristic
case subtrees
lexicalised parser
associated computer
f ree
values x
tile transformation
house style
constructing finite
phonemic dictionary
graphical conventions
lower baseline
binary partitions
ontology items
cultural knowledge
sentence termination
goal relation
intensional verb
reasoning procedures
20 characters
government researchers
list extraction
rst argument
chinese peoples
equivalence links
ordinary transitive
process information
one variety
overall performance
words belonging
potential users
free part
tasks would
vocabulary learning
representation follows
topic documents
v 2
node e
march 1980
trees c
la drs
ema0 a2a4a3
accurate alignment
match rate
inform schema
authors used
appropriate operation
derivation probability
caseframe headers
functional equation
theoretical linguistics
lookahead string
representing user
concatenated speech
joint distributions
beesley et
industrial average
coding system
regions containing
rich inflectional
last content
time penalty
pocl planners
count correct
translating proper
10 trees
unknown item
contains 6
underlying plan
conflate pair
complex reference
blocking category
view suggests
hierarchy tree
stage may
data quality
rhetorical effects
many details
a16 a71
debt instruments
high fidelity
subject content
algorithms designed
electronic device
japanese translations
independent manner
minority value
either fail
conceptual definition
generalized marker
two alignment
formation patterns
uninstantiated variable
diminutive suffixes
following sort
chunks extracted
proper subsets
machine translated
princeton wordnet
relevance decision
asymmetric model
focus position
intensional justification
hypernym would
linguist users
distractor object
son tour
processing produces
basis kernel
possible token
statistical part
correct operations
john enjoys
ambiguous query
current computational
pos affinities
augmented model
treebanks provide
prototype using
nested model
basic functionality
closed cat
make multiple
error sources
information computed
h ai
common items
versprochen habe
lifting rule
function computed
continuous chain
interactive graphic
utterance string
chinese numbers
arc label
always prefers
recorded prompts
rule baseline
strong advantages
stochastic version
item contains
accentuation patterns
event nodes
system decomposes
current scene
actions might
search sequence
negative sentiments
dependency analysis
also contains
full variety
adjectives appear
bad result
structural effects
hc l
source strings
identifies word
eight cases
word entities
similar constructions
parsing quality
foreign ministry
labelling process
new mother
spoken name
positive feedback
modules via
three parallel
split head
unique documents
discriminate well
object since
value decomposition
node dominates
semantics plays
total set
speed improvements
using abstract
document containing
structured lexicons
tl t2
method extends
reviews previous
use referring
ace event
generated arguments
strength ds
select feature
evaluation used
80 articles
path problem
select examples
learning set
earlier sections
planner used
theorem proving
wordnet data
ly used
inductive decision
org type
narrowly circumscribed
actual topics
company said
collocations involving
effective alternative
ensure consistency
subsequent information
external dictionaries
qlf terms
items without
learners may
fusion operation
referring phrases
demand word
mrs expressions
expressions 3
great britain
grammatical well
operation could
two query
certain default
easiest way
ternary expressions
cf productions
identify case
aligned transliteration
oceanography research
structure simultaneously
carpenter 1991
structure probabilities
one approach
c category
file result
significant sentence
subjects table
classifier parameters
higher baseline
nouns denote
common predicate
pw condition
microsoft word97
syntactic categorization
one state
one site
interface provided
relation 6
lexicalizable concepts
fixed length
basic grammatical
de dictionnaires
monolingual ontologies
place answers
corresponding part
sometimes fails
based technologies
inferencing component
temporal indicators
involve multiple
sense must
program descriptions
unlexicalized subtrees
a0 a3
called upon
string matches
transition relation
special predicates
conceptual sets
second procedure
work seems
independent analysts
action includes
morphological constraints
simple tones
function terms
see steedman
question contains
feature symbols
trees allows
interactive technologies
parsed versions
factors within
dependency arcs
lexical factors
allows complex
countable nouns
density mixture
phrase acquisition
learned tree
represent multi
early work
generic ones
word wi
partial matching
negative question
answer components
active external
sprec system
existing tool
alternative implementations
passing paradigm
obtain tile
focal point
correct expressions
immediate scope
ask jeeves
based extension
two error
ontological status
integrate different
french treebank
contains approximately
topic structure
entity candidate
words retained
wsd systems
domination edges
implementation used
tags rather
ensure robustness
automaton moves
physical device
baseline dictionary
indirect discourse
hierarchical task
durbin et
conditional probabilities
root sentences
10 tokens
salient facts
template information
concept terms
ee grammars
algorithm repeatedly
tagging verbs
stopping condition
default karaka
english content
learning system
syntactic triples
explained ill
characters c
word co
fact makes
particular inference
social goals
base table
show results
model seems
rates increase
accurate approximation
model classes
qualia structure
sds performance
four classifiers
30 cases
model various
separate algorithm
pc beta
shared belief
many values
typical objects
pour l
competence theory
a61 a51a62a38
correlation values
potential anchor
covert categories
aspectual classification
marcu 2003
single verb
target nodes
scientific names
atkins et
bilenko et
cluster hierarchy
left window
triphone model
wdaughter features
given ambiguity
spectral models
contradiction checker
results seems
leftmost np
plan containing
property size
following summary
additional bookkeeping
measure called
semantic extraction
expectation driven
permit non
numerical answers
particle verbs
referential theory
mention two
adaptive information
sidner 1979
computer simulations
c0031 pri
parser prefers
operators used
descent algorithm
crown pzm6fs
summarization using
node sets
empirical comparisons
data representing
cost factor
order according
language institute
annotation purposes
based edit
two approximation
given discourse
non pas
face problems
deshou ka
job done
empty rule
modules implemented
l q
figure 9
comprehensive corpus
rather standard
define noun
ongoing research
whole word
grammar tree
reestimation equation
new representation
statistical ones
a129 a27
equal contribution
conversion program
word conditioned
graphical input
model score
correcting rules
constructions found
extracted data
positive label
like tuesday
independent form
n added
meeting certain
value assignments
dynamic construction
block set
english determiners
tail elements
better estimate
comprehensive approach
certain characteristics
fb algorithm
mellon university
alignment relations
use texts
similar events
dsps underlying
parsers may
new mechanism
exchange 1
representation described
trees consistent
comparable degree
using connexor
previous models
current constitute
tagged c
generation time
next test
lookup step
substitution operations
occur almost
rules outlined
nodes might
phrase relation
verbal function
seminal work
referring act
two variations
windows 2000
especially ones
suggested readings
string str
thank anonymous
aspect calculus
called supertagging
focussing adverbials
time discourse
ambiguity remains
strings must
mean word
alignment makes
clustering result
word pattern
udrs value
existing rules
ltag framework
linguistic software
procedural knowledge
avoid biasing
different clusterings
weather involves
tag error
external link
terms p
connect clauses
smoothing yields
present design
one representative
documents labeled
training provided
semantic theory
program consists
candidate discourse
application area
verbe et
time variable
soft boolean
wil l
window provides
summary units
unit 3
noun animacy
object data
michael collins
lower one
battle management
full semantics
tests like
toolkit could
cues exist
symbolic representations
content identifiers
remove word
relation represented
young man
string part
sentences without
attentional capacity
word synonyms
graph edges
transfer lexicons
name features
remaining input
dialogue phase
model slightly
ambiguous category
multiple children
c denote
translations available
response equivalence
judgment exercise
protocol based
candidates without
weights trained
shows tim
basic questions
forms ending
positions x
latter specifies
kh2 statistics
context processing
grammatical coverage
component along
translational equivalences
humans perform
denoting objects
previous selection
structural accuracy
correct pronunciation
past event
cited therein
results slightly
output probabilities
learning words
poses special
automatic spoken
usenet faq
across tag
perform ir
taking verbs
using equations
a15 a50a53a52a55a54a56a50a58a57a60a59
language didactics
pitch accented
extensive corpus
reordering approach
first work
object combinations
network search
ill n
usually involves
stem list
taiwan dollars
commercial software
goal selection
adaptation technique
semantics without
grammatical inputs
vp 3
algorithm simply
priority given
preprocessing phase
contain important
speaker adapted
various constructions
actual spoken
major shortcomings
systems called
morpheme entries
semantic purposes
every member
either speaker
allows direct
extension would
e specific
default knowledge
underlying primitive
third possibility
good points
describe research
scores along
restricted subsets
categories except
team effort
limited context
sem zone
a6 a27a17a23a22
prolog using
negative exemplars
using smart
table smoothing
u e
system required
seven groups
minimum cutoff
computer skills
keywords assigned
respective translation
modeling workshop
virtual samples
semantic head
acoustic recognition
calculate confidence
frequency spectrum
alternative formalism
adjectival passive
formalisms using
tbl rules
act forms
separate languages
verb versucht
reduce processing
foundation ireland
xu et
group activities
secondary predication
three speakers
occur immediately
l1 text
complete domain
measurement units
case 6
motivated hierarchy
generalized template
ideal answer
existing referent
also causes
extracting named
manager could
efficient construction
crash near
see lines
proposed scheme
linguistics would
matching fails
rule one
codd et
pleonastic prepositions
acquired information
system entities
generic form
contains useful
successful techniques
hierarchy among
correction rule
wrong segmentation
equivalent analyses
disjunctive hypothesis
command definition
item l
insertion penalty
questions naturally
based technology
cascaded chunking
null a4
arbitrary strings
tagging conventions
eat chicken
learning syntax
accommodation site
like resource
causal relation
distance education
oov rules
complete candidate
line version
detect whether
extreme version
like give
reviewer pointed
fits perfectly
additional representational
constituents correctly
support translation
consider aspects
cognitive psychologists
coherent summary
allows two
algorithm suffers
mapping strategies
rules developed
topic spotting
make judgments
spanish treebank
information decomposition
available attributes
basic constants
assists users
measure f
sennheiser data
tree directly
perform next
proposal also
restriction would
flapping transducer
superior performance
input interpretation
grammars defined
find specific
parts extraction
greedy approximation
improvement could
de synth
categorization performance
grained annotation
sentence networks
lookup process
diagnostic rules
reduce step
general description
free form
intuitive human
german input
model states
shared goal
linear separating
turn numbers
names include
disease list
among features
surface criteria
declarative mood
subj relation
chunked text
information collection
answering relationship
history component
quantitative information
prescored essays
250 bytes
role attributes
induction task
determine possible
following variant
approach aims
higher one
features inspired
common type
maximization problem
yoram singer
joker tree
compute alignments
program package
bad results
language varieties
english spatial
one countability
low degree
clear computational
arbitrary branching
vocabulary needed
joint probabilistic
chinese restaurants
three correct
generic entity
representation framework
tree onto
nondeterminism arises
design plan
deep linguistic
integration process
two directions
never contain
whose condition
multiple dimensions
phonetic strings
roles onto
detailed control
representation summarization
target text
traditional grammatical
reuters documents
inheritance techniques
five strategies
rates would
judges 1
anyone else
e topic
detailed examples
broad category
transferring information
dans des
either obligatory
tile f
given statement
positive points
frame combiner
primitive phrases
school reader
semantic composer
linguistic control
locator rules
config file
little room
ir queries
q learning
generic categories
eye fixations
prix goncourt
information presentation
linguistic feature
pattern chold
specific resource
shallow grammatical
linguistic examples
paraphrase test
le 10
strategy relies
ielka van
grammatical features
ten hours
th candidate
1 v
input function
feasible tuples
brief introduction
domain 2
parallel elements
tile definition
automatic retrieval
word requires
learn translation
values attached
one principal
oil alarm
allows even
disambiguating feature
3 lists
ps objects
produce coherent
development effort
local signals
whose sub
frame names
contain one
text interface
sho w
rule responsible
result reported
algorithm checks
feature engineering
corpus studied
complex operations
local part
frequency components
situation cannot
word chains
development environments
vocabulary recognition
previous target
context b
lt pos
technical jargon
following category
concept based
also translation
animated agent
escape probability
rules annotated
xerox guesser
global classification
snippet definitions
indexed words
patterns thus
system maintains
constituents corresponding
combine speech
assuming p
basic versions
aviv killed
target lf
various events
practical task
smaller spans
top row
right attachment
feel strongly
grapheme sequence
free trees
analytical tasks
c ii
seem also
honneur officielles
time complexity
hot day
assignment would
term resonant
complete taxonomy
meaning due
certain rights
data exists
reliable measure
margin parameter
word relationships
character recovery
reading miscues
expression type
adjacent n
parallel annotation
actual feature
general motors
different label
next table
actual examples
factual assertions
node raising
please explain
parser p
dictionary network
inheritance lattice
whole model
czech ministry
grams seen
queue states
complex activity
compute outside
allow resolution
computer centre
john1 believes
analyzer uses
multiple items
move towards
ghr algorithm
label 11
simpler problems
albert et
garbage text
efforts focus
recognition rules
resources described
structure grammar
method begins
demonstrative adjective
phrase models
contains features
graphical tool
different fl
close friends
pipeline processing
things get
simple telephone
prosodic features
projected links
transition may
contains also
control facts
word context
saw e
act theory
works within
oriental languages
allauzen et
formalism given
domain knowledge
constant number
versus precision
article often
step n
data ranged
bootstrapping begins
use model
different construction
media cue
strategy often
accuracy differences
detect important
new definite
false matches
recorded telephone
passages according
reporting precision
partial structure
center embedding
reference assignment
generalized possession
crucial function
frequency adverbials
tables 10
symbol r
20 speakers
marked word
outperforms significantly
oriented programming
tree domains
either mode
ones presented
czech morphological
complete listing
personal goals
folha de
transfer control
intrasentential information
adjective groups
problem faced
good progress
update operation
empty slots
theory allows
pruned decision
claims made
wacholder et
processing used
important document
longer documents
outside test
1 score
use similar
evaluation corpora
underspecified input
one collocation
apprentice knows
prototype dialogue
becomes difficult
document production
1 algorithms
occurrence types
style checker
reverse query
reliably indicates
summationtexti lifi
debugging techniques
25 minutes
pas des
relative positions
approaches need
phrase selection
memory resident
set 5
structure unit
colorless green
production method
entries belonging
experiments varying
n p
remaining ambiguity
recursive calls
30 terms
greek text
sentence summarisation
like pp
accusative singular
mapping task
translating texts
bracketing performance
per pattern
individual grammars
231 questions
weighted cosine
5000 sentences
local changes
related rules
involves creating
statistical nlp
negative politeness
paradigm provides
situational scripts
1 node
reliable correlation
special pairs
wordnet gloss
gene database
velar nasal
translational adequacy
forty years
footnote 1
intermediate conclusions
black death
proprietary text
answer segments
plausible account
average call
given hypernym
wordnet semantic
c iff
two dependents
generated test
met people
clustering results
belief context
linear classifiers
joyce friedman
separate phase
subset relationship
8 mixture
several deep
act indirectness
modal logics
handles new
new candidates
contradictory values
objective functions
different pronunciations
definitions share
similar interests
initial tag
new areas
based counterparts
10 corpus
roles including
single systems
parsing heuristics
part matches
grouping verbs
based translator
n total
fall asleep
test three
corpora containing
noun usually
involving nodes
structure free
competitive advantage
relation features
name lists
core sense
close terms
probabilities needed
primary aspect
special predicate
relation also
substitutability relationships
conditional speech
found relevant
100 documents
word penn
magic sword
less constraint
fold cv
model natural
elicit information
structure relevant
economic news
direct implications
development teams
nodes based
wordnet labels
lexical trigger
trained grammars
stumbling block
redundancy among
shared parse
sharedplan model
mckeown 1997
score compared
preposition phrases
form chosen
already existent
even non
context tracker
causal models
communication aid
preceding phrase
driven knowledge
using id3
syntactic functor
language translators
local ones
synthetic voice
phrase may
data analysis
nonparallel corpora
alignment version
art classifiers
reference objects
ue expert
given w
user interrupts
simple heuristics
time interaction
senses contained
matching rate
candidate hypernym
trees shown
channel feedback
reducing annotation
background corpus
entity entity
title information
user poses
prix du
grammatical structural
find references
syntactic entailment
wordnet may
initial vocabulary
frequent sequence
universal guides
verbs may
three scenarios
feature comparison
point likert
new index
utterances provide
algorithm called
technical personnel
conjunctive particle
query process
greatest improvement
example table
smaller probabilities
inchoative verb
romanization systems
meaning structures
syntactic reasons
another preposition
source set
refine attribute
relation involved
research hypotheses
distinct grammar
sentences completely
user follows
fung et
realization possibilities
ic analysis
substring belonging
test suites
derivations may
relation across
variables given
used n
several mt
provide sufficient
expert choice
fixed threshold
entity categories
kind proposed
character pairs
two morphisms
syntactic nodes
columns marked
positive reaction
purely statistics
latter seems
desk installation
graph without
remaining rules
sole purpose
class name
features intended
represent corresponding
group consisted
pruning technique
frequent subtrees
extension rule
dialogue grammars
corpora cannot
vectors xt
corrections made
resources currently
gate 7
rst rule
sized test
phase three
paraphrase table
direct responses
meaningful interpretation
null duce
using ad
temporary solution
bigram representation
constituents defined
comparing differences
distribution rules
speaker meaning
different kanji
distance weights
encyclopedic information
topic description
make implicit
memory actor
algorithms whose
pattern sequences
membership analysis
nagao 1994
language surface
various configurations
de surface
null node
systems divide
design techniques
concrete contents
also permit
heuristic based
object relative
new dependencies
terminal unit
selected domain
definiteness features
clause units
car manufacturer
found senses
generate definitions
old problem
de leur
conversation partner
treat sentences
establish discourse
standard language
large treebank
result becomes
generator called
sentence becomes
raw machine
second strategy
like strings
1 states
allowable arguments
involves recognizing
whole question
system pharaoh
different adjective
bottom fs
large improvement
semantic compositionality
current token
work station
similar discourse
rate parameter
speech tools
correctly analyze
something along
see sgall
de programmation
split step
letters yet
2003 tides
oracle database
previous proposition
ambiguous analyses
figure 16
lie close
antecedent government
consider mechanisms
parameters due
free productions
random mapping
term p
likelihood gain
open task
appropriate corrective
following contrasts
quality measure
eye movement
selected candidate
advanced document
class status
regular language
word beginnings
sont respectivement
partition based
synthetic corpus
source system
alone formalisms
weak definition
rate training
restriction rule
another translation
final examination
approaches like
arbitrary value
database dictionary
modern unification
cosine score
particular locations
discuss two
analyzing texts
bilingual bootstrapping
vector obtained
current work
different tables
output speech
jean n
extraposition list
reference similarity
query matching
de rocha
mostly nouns
est ce
feature cluster
coherence rule
len schubert
task much
utterances one
allow generation
per capita
ni de
example derivation
bbn speech
words dictionary
important principles
synthetic approach
word receives
two heads
work employs
addressee detection
learning curves
structured output
necessarily represent
presupposes proposition
textual inference
useful classification
conference organizers
research papers
estimates based
relatedness measures
recursively call
summary terms
write l
language theory
example labeled
minimal change
performing text
practical solutions
rule forbids
global importance
algorithms apply
ways using
strategic approach
inherited information
r point
feature column
1 illustrates
via b
unseen bigrams
filtering algorithm
general phenomenon
annealing procedure
shopping yesterday
reference speakers
two analyses
possible string
specific strings
error minimization
two cues
like pos
per phoneme
discourse span
approach similar
reading messages
terminological databases
categories derived
tabular context
identifying np
semantic filters
surface parses
finding suggests
noun nj
employ rules
based optimization
default label
phonetic value
demographic data
linguistic introspection
line texts
process outlined
5 times
bill became
labelled x
model employs
r al
see thompson
morphological forms
intensive work
spaces algorithm
salient terms
word core
examples within
much farther
output segment
dual form
full consensus
function word
work cited
target data
initiative shift
sharp corporation
w iff
generalization error
probability computed
1 think
categories b
schema application
predicted word
et sont
infrequent classes
block unigram
collocational degree
applying grammar
sentence internally
generating text
intelligent use
horizontal force
learning approaches
mi values
general shape
size grows
times could
fur die
subject use
walker 1996
previous choices
three articles
events would
case features
anaphoric phrase
lowest node
computational analyses
test various
representing official
oral proficiency
greater savings
case also
antonym links
forms together
averaged number
object first
second hypothesis
criteria would
fact must
single overarching
remote reference
per context
link defined
monolingual part
desired behaviour
logique et
abe et
w 2
purpose nl
alignments set
boundaries detected
several passes
every fact
next ig
depends greatly
verb providing
320 sentences
possible lemmata
spelling probability
sample spanish
union b
mass count
likely match
restrictions associated
document form
translation among
ideal solution
involve complex
types depending
belief report
process searches
test object
generated multiple
a0 np
merely means
entities using
practical questions
part ot
lund corpus
particular predicates
distinct senses
selective attention
speech classification
list derived
da labeling
question conceptualization
single weight
respective values
translation restriction
gain experience
french ls
third instance
systemic terms
maynard et
site evaluation
concepts derived
segmentation network
application designed
potential difficulties
results cited
past decades
laboratory tests
constructed discourses
flexibility provided
documents matching
recognition quality
method comprises
abstract definition
space utilization
notation based
structure formed
extracted nouns
various program
must reason
subcategorized complement
test frame
language ai
entire process
thematic progressions
flight reservation
goals within
exercise descriptors
necessary domain
automatic output
global plausibility
dictionary research
constraint associated
world news
missing values
interpretation depends
situation changes
software tools
translators would
model phonetic
ner results
tree transducer
describe english
tagging tool
references involving
probability terms
existing class
dimensional data
terms created
fd obtained
property sharing
tagging ambiguity
concepts necessary
produced reference
several tasks
tag analyses
normalization algorithms
also specifies
skeleton grammar
message format
additional feedback
calculus l
weng et
variables remain
terms denoting
state consisting
independent corpus
possible summary
information exchange
sentence structures
immediate predecessor
complex networks
four parameters
maximal match
segments marked
message planning
lowest frequencies
clearly incorrect
edge base
comparative constructions
tagged nns
parent phrase
algorithm includes
size cannot
plan pruning
abbreviated form
one inference
certain objects
thus account
argument cannot
relationship could
chomsky 1981
participants interact
treats words
document compression
section represents
template string
central piece
forward method
complete answers
surfacy constraints
negative element
independent approach
structural point
different transducers
likelihood ranking
versus manual
object nouns
list size
specific parser
words meaning
slot marker
words collected
theorem prover
perlocutionary effects
scale properties
current subject
domains might
logical structures
noisy data
works reasonably
berwick 1985
alternative analysis
compositional systems
accuracy would
categories within
small lists
tracking point
second conjunct
inevitably lead
larger regions
mit voyager
elements may
using convolution
action beyond
pairwise words
generally yields
method involving
local trees
document categories
7 classes
pair comparison
task differs
grammar parsing
node sequence
full play
vector corresponds
task mode
category type
many differences
graphical editor
environment representation
second goal
parse process
objects could
entity evoked
1987 uri
embedded arguments
prenominal modifier
initial pass
many segments
contract mda972
utterance 2
dialogue components
improved training
arbitrary set
texts created
orthographic realization
flat representation
similar complexity
related elements
semantic primitives
labeling decisions
transfer output
normalized ones
pages 49
learner timbl
likes sandy
issues arose
sam rang
selected ones
pumping conditions
characteristic feature
natural logarithmic
jiang et
various discourse
2005 data
constraint ranking
current universe
generative grammar
limited information
non voyell6
original mt
academic year
global content
rule classifier
universith di
rule developers
implies cia
regular relation
feature together
time attributes
127 sentences
first sort
real documents
sentence delimiters
unary derivation
label data
s2s system
technical considerations
recall increased
containing references
recent article
words tagged
cannot provide
much room
bot ratios
proprietary data
contexts may
second concerns
video analysis
ts called
narrative move
lattice paths
three relevant
scottish enterprise
column names
1 case
section follows
object equivalent
candidate attributes
principal elements
determiner preceding
clauses may
convergence times
following transformation
equivalent sets
significant majority
theoretical time
sera possible
syllable structure
different chinese
concept entries
slot 2
wr wkh
normal switch
two experts
empty coda
fact true
methods improve
candidate class
category covers
data provide
require minimal
separate grammars
phrase alignments
effectively means
corresponding relations
better classification
particular technique
particular cluster
collocational analysis
true interruption
tagging rules
nasa headquarters
precise knowledge
graphical elements
list within
25 types
words mostly
state variables
inflection classes
elisabet engdahl
concepts within
som e
specify values
five questions
returns true
another file
transportation planning
method results
david weir
correct structures
event merging
appropriate environment
tables shown
analysis holds
avoid listing
sacrificing accuracy
relations connecting
world concept
random sampling
tipster sites
opinion categories
test tells
contains additional
method introduced
rule builds
court proceedings
texts contained
length summary
con arguments
human judgement
described referent
four test
annotation style
standard summaries
largest practical
5 documents
last turn
figure z
antecedent could
manual experiments
nite verb
define p
first ran
predicted event
contradiction relations
validation folds
child might
problems need
research objective
bad husband
paraphrase judgments
way finite
definition see
certain similarity
dependent items
initial parsing
central focus
nlp architectures
hpsg schemata
systems participating
graph walk
type coreference
x immediately
system ca
biological literature
services available
null iii
without negation
health insurance
lower bounds
acoustic vectors
construction using
former category
system receives
deviance note
canonical object
edinburgh university
temporal sequence
explain tile
important consideration
approximation using
mapping constants
initial hypotheses
1 g
methods respectively
thesaurus extraction
background conditions
sd task
working rule
generate synthetic
philosophical literature
correspondences acquired
graphical annotation
remaining elements
detection approach
500 miles
feature count
way would
source role
active ones
manfred wettler
access function
plan trees
corpus tags
linguistic patterns
sense component
point precision
necesito examinar
japanese predicates
speech enhancement
stochastic source
brief background
female patient
large experiment
international airport
canonical frame
identified word
available upon
lexical hierarchy
extract certain
pour les
summary based
xpath expression
personal pronoun
max entered
based program
specific evaluation
test pair
complete multi
mixed representation
strategy guarantees
incorrect alignment
lexicon symmetrization
highest quality
underlying mechanism
400 documents
scan algorithm
massive quantities
three senses
jth state
operators contain
activation model
compiled list
increased memory
developed simple
text pieces
dialogue analysis
concrete measuring
rules 2
use morphemes
authentic texts
definite descriptions
ambiguity resulting
time providing
interactive program
instances belonging
remain important
reference board
system core
degree concepts
phonetic system
parser configuration
words among
atomic formula
solving problems
a1 a53
zero frequencies
words obviously
lexical coding
gives rise
cognitive states
bilingual collocations
data one
jie mao
database interfaces
ii shows
trace back
events expressed
programming experience
path phenomena
material taken
diana mccarthy
essay grading
9 characters
syntactic metrics
discriminative power
signed string
entry structure
system learned
language adaptation
get something
evaluations conducted
whereas high
words activate
use chmod
second sample
saa performance
majority classifier
complete machine
name space
inanimate senses
tokens appearing
entry tagging
binomial test
mirror images
large memory
actual patterns
description interpretation
witten chinese
previous n
basic entities
open questions
coherent iff
research support
lloce topic
concept model
user statements
symbol probabilities
2 provide
resulting distributions
discriminative features
travel agents
demote marker
context thus
suitable input
human intellect
aquaint collection
pairs automatically
x noun
system commands
experiments would
sets generated
mbr decoders
3 context
u l
iterative fashion
features typically
frequencies using
red triangle
literacy tutor
system request
theory contains
jhu workshop
leftmost anchor
hellinger metric
spontaneous speech
discrete hmm
error tag
facilitate user
conversational participant
respective classes
query structure
three authors
discourse coherency
clause combining
want e
example throughout
monosemous verbs
p represent
hierarchy obtained
argument domain
three dictionaries
definition makes
latter case
theorems 1
probability estimations
based discourse
string relations
creating cd
believe john
dam base
entropy calculations
technical corpus
assertional component
new names
analysis proceeds
equation becomes
weighted finite
making category
commands b
bug fixes
evidence set
part names
interlanguage structure
application description
conjunctive relationships
word information
base two
month fifteen
copular verb
second topic
simple correction
normalized form
6 discusses
first speaker
prefix path
interactive discourse
multiple reference
three modalities
null g
uniquely determine
james allan
indicator x
questions created
best methods
technical approach
say x
word token
higher performance
specific value
possible category
transfer patterns
form noun
optional rule
identification algorithms
include using
rule tests
study found
dataset b
rhetorical type
keywords associated
lower estimate
one coordinate
second parse
one act
bigram dependencies
referential distance
iso tc37
electronic resources
argument candidate
p value
corresponding corpus
dop outperforms
graham j
structured concepts
longest strings
established set
conjunctive context
inheritance mechanism
tree tagger
grid points
ed according
named person
module also
conceptual decisions
scoping information
coordination constructions
heinecke et
underlying design
concise answer
text tokenization
boolean operations
without e
also accepts
main functor
probability based
missing object
1989 darpa
degree possible
gram rules
english annotations
recognizer cannot
volume 7
filtering phase
1500 sentences
stack top
strong requirement
hearst et
familiar sort
inducing rules
original domain
boundaries seem
human learners
typed language
universal theory
e tj
groups described
time steps
range across
state types
frasconi et
main dimensions
scf information
little space
corresponding state
golf clubs
occurring phrase
marcus 80
innermost proof
problems like
link clusters
following template
one encoding
control fact
compression corpus
standard models
transfer portion
n denoting
level planning
cfg recognition
sense thj
toute la
approach promises
state techniques
sample size
langenscheidts t1
2 pc
20 knots
event labels
order maximal
mba students
generating data
related class
word compound
first extracts
structural type
corpus marked
excellent application
structured dialogues
train ibm
systems provides
drosophila melanogaster
phrase building
fitted parse
section described
resulting surface
similar kinds
replacement rule
neumann et
energy parameters
latent semantic
two nes
columns representing
adding pos
transition functions
distribution pr
definition might
candidate syntactic
remaining columns
merge two
authors mention
sentences 3
automatic repair
e determined
two indicators
de roots
conversational dialogues
sony csl
regular models
concrete content
class assigned
make appropriate
second clauses
yield performance
scoring documents
event may
null proceedings
becomes known
whose combination
des probl
assign feature
growth size
ilp system
recognizable sets
acoustic log
syntactic relationship
mobile device
end component
optimum cut
related effort
semantic distance
30 word
air pollution
string might
runs faster
lexical reiteration
grammatical phenomena
75 times
la l
maximum similarity
absolute scores
416 sentences
list length
134 tags
additional points
layered predictions
rule estimate
knowledge concerns
type consistency
variable x0
type abstract
cq sq
cases since
set parameters
inductive rule
setting l
always fit
phrase constitutes
linguistic concepts
triggering condition
logical theories
mor root
translation hypotheses
separate components
useful content
five top
solving intentions
university also
architecture like
following vendler
fourth group
f phrase
queries used
text domain
unmarked words
status relative
extrinsic task
predictions based
human vocal
exact name
content specifications
desired number
learned algorithm
tile sequence
exclusive use
david smith
null ditions
mapping across
network nodes
algorithm keeps
hobbs 1985
go restr
conventional lexicon
yule 1983
sure verb
backward passes
optimal performance
relational features
heavily context
individual email
jan alexandersson
computing facilities
weak indicator
expected action
speech stream
following discussion
surface grammatical
ces structures
transitive clauses
gelesen haben
clans les
kleene star
probability zero
probability assignments
least contains
tree terms
000 parameters
assumes knowledge
indexing method
nist mteval
use cross
user training
bilingual sentence
individual segments
fixed format
r data
social position
syntactic data
adjective definitions
particular items
across languages
resulting theory
reference resolver
simpler version
baseline algorithm
pragmatic phenomena
becomes active
level np
f om
discourse analyzer
implausible candidates
transducer obtained
local optima
finite space
jones average
native sign
focusing process
shorter string
primary microphone
improve disambiguation
practical import
multilevel structure
users would
classical mfccs
given probability
j 0
target gloss
reading texts
semantic cohesiveness
new units
identifier file
basic pattern
functional relationships
high status
network connection
main morphological
caller phrases
path equivalence
algorithm addresses
domains based
omitted pronouns
higher estimate
right neighbors
gradual change
intensive manual
crossing links
e sense
present stage
michael attempted
accuracy varies
target semantic
several prototypes
san shi
linguistic aspects
two f
correlations among
exclamation mark
long segments
labeling problem
prosodic host
remaining class
5 persons
x plus
slovene language
language sources
visual modality
segmentation variations
intermediate format
reverse transformation
spoken news
acm corpus
actual concepts
several sentence
status selection
tasks without
game detection
floppy disks
word mary
5 rows
syntactic combinations
given segmentation
uses unlabeled
contain certain
deduction process
approach discussed
functional context
window across
category according
life span
system available
window surrounding
uno model
automatic validation
generator keeps
first variant
pun conditions
executable prolog
correspondence set
structure transfer
accepted evaluation
declarative mode
system ignores
collocation hypothesis
target labels
space system
word aligns
fits squarely
system participated
possible number
main point
grammar obtained
general statement
uncompressed sentences
corresponding substrings
code system
transliteration candidates
learning cases
graph unification
chosen language
document author
question seems
system interactions
easy learnability
bilac et
lattice shown
en allemand
au niveau
stated aim
following kaplan
new cf
indexing keywords
various interaction
index size
cannot depend
constituent positions
incoming discourse
lexicons derived
wi 2
selected verbatim
large schr
heuristic model
conjunct identification
en route
dialog motivators
models learn
called forward
causal agent
ontosem lexicon
sequence assigned
referents across
develop fast
new contributions
recycled paper
recall increases
algorithm parameter
target may
wh phrase
computational definition
annotating anaphoric
probabilistic chart
full documentation
describes algorithms
stanford university
entire structure
textual explanations
third concept
second story
integrating syntax
time measurement
dependent type
de dkveloppement
following operation
shanker 1987
reasonable interpretation
rasta filtering
la poster
specific set
unsupervised techniques
additional advantage
completed constituents
writers use
flight leg
locality principle
discourse tagging
sets consist
textual economy
underspecified annotation
words contribute
universal networking
parser moves
level tags
articles drawn
respective pair
limited ability
cross document
tim l
internal context
generalized quantifiers
response indicates
experimental protocol
adam kluver
phrase n
like system
se trouvent
language evolution
story questions
entre la
dimensional semantic
pos data
generic principle
means also
uncontrolled variables
reliable estimation
parts within
given t1
entity corresponding
first mode
feature type
sequential nature
new stage
structures determined
frame based
generalizing patterns
dislocated nodes
000 test
reasoning tasks
following formulae
first category
also combine
common pronunciation
stack pointer
testing phases
sentential syntax
relation linking
presentation systems
attributes specified
unigram overlap
techniques allow
2005 association
score lower
disjunctive constraint
sequences c
resource grammars
computer conference
unit level
new intentions
many company
actually part
te task
complex signs
native scripts
sequential order
two sets
azzam et
innermost clause
become zero
placed predicate
generation counter
multiple microphones
quadratic programming
modal subordination
question node
anonymous variables
different morpheme
structure containing
taroo ga
inverse distance
referential property
opaque reference
vp contains
lattice contains
style sequent
node denotes
efficient computation
artificial corpus
serial number
program chooses
words significantly
tag definition
simplistic view
tracking data
time t1
grouping rules
whose scores
aircraft maintenance
someone loves
point 4
fall 2003
collection comprises
resolution algorithms
object name
current rate
system information
summary word
similar attributes
minimal structure
classifier results
literature describes
frequency group
two divisions
shape tagging
weka machine
pitch rise
believing p
average inter
string comparisons
voting among
vp level
voyager application
interpreting words
level mapping
take responsibility
main text
lam et
unigram lm
pioneer work
unigram feature
mismatch occurs
stone plateau
specific system
observation hmm
mechanism may
f might
various kinds
tagger works
gaussian models
input pair
mt efforts
reciprocal questions
slightly outperforms
communication may
old entry
initial proposal
complex actions
relationships associated
shallower levels
whole subtree
code words
word x
type equations
p system
several interpretations
perform three
every word
numeral word
0 indicates
history stack
occurring terms
max operator
practical parsers
discriminative parsers
navy message
anaphoric term
shuffle constraints
successful matches
lexica l
weaker evidence
english keyword
phrase constituents
system work
salient word
child term
galaxy architecture
richer data
protein interactions
topicalized unit
anaphoric zero
canonical ordering
4 analysts
search required
system facilitates
also states
gradual process
per token
collect co
inferential statistics
darpa naval
accurate prediction
major difficulties
comma placement
character memory
n objects
structured programming
formats used
structure cannot
scientific texts
project participants
text already
inderjeet mani
changing sound
direct control
filling gaps
building rules
vocabulary systems
upper tree
national cancer
sentences refers
types given
routing queries
table along
combining domain
external form
initial tags
partial input
tile task
formal definitions
taking elements
3 identifies
provide feedback
japanese pairs
domain include
strong memorial
invocation strategy
mt data
likelihood test
hoa trang
get larger
called surface
one component
recursive chain
suitable rules
1 consists
tree decomposition
sentential role
one sentences
iff n
seven rules
representative sentence
new phrase
unique variable
frequent features
glue logic
one attaching
presents problems
presents several
type change
grammar corresponds
verb clauses
interpretations according
modifying noun
ranking orders
object functions
bleu method
general procedure
order structures
10 phrases
unfolding discourse
existential quantifier
complete solution
resolving attachment
basic relationships
referenced papers
shock protein
based interaction
develop standards
parameters vary
free translations
expressions drug
japanese predicate
grams containing
consider p
straightforward given
baseline function
weighted rule
threaded discourse
g structure
active nonterminals
extracts relations
noun lp
interesting aspect
arbitrary levels
cases found
right part
words come
certain attribute
rule 1
original elementary
contextual characteristics
different resource
han chuan
source domains
parent term
feels like
retrieval speed
existing generation
notation similar
raw translations
xrs rule
produces multiple
basic context
special procedures
patterns need
anomalous chat
toolkit developed
ill fig
probability word
alone system
achieve adequate
sense bank
notable exception
test lexicon
treebank available
node per
first number
uses bilingual
rather intricate
null lows
linguistic programming
variant list
using verbs
based line
june 1996
false starts
name could
oz study
39 sentences
like syntax
higher user
n1 n2
lexical correlates
giving evidence
third arguments
said john
hmm instances
function sim
characteristic patterns
unbounded feature
potential dialogue
e2c transliteration
specific words
tree based
paradigm also
experiment settings
complete semantics
voted perceptron
classification described
prediction quality
a21a41 a61
error hypotheses
including broadcast
null following
style approach
name suffixes
mais seulement
sense pairs
productions involving
left head
detected homophone
corpus quality
text usually
communications technology
algorithm predicts
performing models
standard procedure
given sample
set aer
subtree pattern
xerox foundation
card task
five lists
answering agent
one binding
accuracy improvements
formula 5
minimal spanning
develop tools
phonetic levels
multiple pointing
golden speaker
large pronunciation
minimal frontier
satisfiability problem
arguments associated
straightforward solution
strongly favor
language boundaries
future enhancements
bfn database
certain types
small context
successful disambiguation
current speaker
casual users
discrimination tree
mt projects
original sentence
bolt 1980
automatic programming
write v
mount fuji
et leur
subtle ways
anoop sarkar
fairer comparison
model included
arc combined
format required
current second
assigned focus
fields may
since punctuation
disambiguated data
positions 2
example results
general kinds
support natural
agreement p
weeds et
part relations
probable alignment
message formalism
underlined word
empirical estimates
type pv
operational criteria
ebc rule
another node
tag prediction
language style
stem lexicon
single nodes
based preferences
particular type
marginal cost
group boundaries
results included
j depends
distituent grammar
markov assumption
word construct
transition cost
occurrences extracted
satellite television
process 2
deep ifts
new replacement
head trigram
names represent
morphological processing
information discussed
character bigram
two blue
square boxes
called head
comparable performance
specific syntax
training section
translation obtained
two summarization
training provides
automaton representation
require contextual
preposition pairs
medium menace
first perspective
null recall
topic statement
wa ginkou
global contextual
node z
changements de
integer solution
translation algorithm
pressing need
current error
limited modifiability
case space
define special
nlg evaluation
clauses defining
temporal questions
biological knowledge
cmu communicator
relations existing
linguistic mechanisms
manually word
sentence wl
tagging effort
based annotation
models outperformed
und das
lex features
evert et
sentences use
prolog interpreter
similar steps
governor role
uniform architecture
remaining probability
empirical exploration
pilot version
native korean
every event
roles assignments
low cohesion
a1 a21
medical web
pair type
translation proposal
various attributes
see ss2
head constraints
definition term
hence p
harc system
high variation
subject shift
uniform computational
intransitive action
reduction argument
therefore worthwhile
constituent corresponding
role constraints
model failed
retrieved passage
dependent reference
text sentence
perform various
hand sides
system written
des verbes
versus number
capitalization model
use document
disambiguating noun
argument categories
heritage dictionary
component b
create training
possible transformation
pair sire
new tagger
local rf
search pattern
topic shifts
inference making
sentence method
strong expectation
see g
technique called
broad scale
phonetic sequences
definitions like
support greater
rules embody
genetic code
separate segments
inferential power
fewest constraints
make reservations
zero co
act length
also infrequent
squared distribution
human intuition
many rule
input segments
restrictive clauses
test would
training errors
cr q
elliptical verb
null tional
unresolved qlf
paraphrasing direction
grammars seem
articles reporting
objective way
null computational
figure 17
let words
clausal modifiees
good means
element carrying
verb root
express emotions
level proposed
words different
way non
including case
translation support
summary model
pay close
potential interest
annotate texts
taking maple
interface environment
minimal extension
vr opt
halliday 1985
receive credit
er combination
meaning associated
recent utterance
user requirements
semantical characteristics
large random
robust parameter
sentential levels
explainable expert
second article
language workshops
condition rules
use r
path heuristic
phrasal head
causative extension
every example
multiple turns
numeric component
core metamodel
exploit multiple
abstract categorial
learn case
immediate consequence
czech nouns
additional insight
np arguments
silhouette values
associate probabilities
following scale
given window
rates without
pattern indicates
probable error
right manner
overlap similarity
instantiated predicates
occurrence index
conceptual features
name retrieval
statements within
collocations may
competition learning
across grade
confidence rates
muc participants
military systems
bilingual thesaurus
language distance
smith jewelers
temporal constants
single point
special expressions
reusable modules
global needs
constituent strokes
principe de
sentence 18
various commonsense
synonym substitution
test linguistic
lexical conceptual
classification framework
spatial expressions
experimentation shows
corresponding automaton
continuous speech
9 minutes
durative events
indirect references
assistant secretary
combination step
determiner followed
speakers express
factor b
claim made
word relatedness
level action
anchor pair
case requires
corpus representing
specific role
3 information
concept uniquely
paper might
lexical scoring
national conference
best control
genitive singular
updated version
grammar implementations
word vs
identified character
feature according
kamps et
conventional rule
proposed grammar
john ran
business appointments
lowest recall
e fdl
earlier method
sets si
minimal edit
contribution group
best examples
possible usages
modeling discourse
time window
syntactic semantic
alternative group
true translation
certain pos
parser automatically
obligatory element
a28 a30
action comma
unit translation
hmm recognizers
et ai
correct sentence
acoustical environments
phase would
value element
stative predicates
overall measure
pointing event
closed corpus
logic formulas
solution structure
semantics allows
path feature
score threshold
uniquely determines
hierarchical relationships
unit path
work tapes
subset coupling
supermarket shopping
crucial differences
broadcast information
ciaula clusters
probabilistic nature
n el
proper type
ibm mainframe
new binary
approach followed
allows flexible
chinese syllables
associated type
use normalized
elementary semantic
modal contexts
component within
phonetic identity
never changes
structure part
performance rather
constituent headed
template 2
american council
wsd data
definition must
june 1995
function composition
class method
tree sketch
narrow beam
complete snob
key strings
accurately disambiguate
commonsense notion
de groote
theoretical bound
type matching
reliably predict
window displays
item g
section 9
advanced speech
error detector
low performance
whiteboard architecture
voiceless initial
operator selected
simple dialogue
hmihy system
syntactic labels
tbr 1
hierarchical context
new contract
4 tokens
collective noun
decisions would
planning systems
standard generative
categorical inputs
incorrect analyses
l two
several recognition
use beam
505 sentences
different graphs
poor method
string must
accurate training
gram class
classification criteria
network language
long chemin
inflectional affixes
sentence interpretations
without training
segment consisting
set ts
similar smoothing
definable relations
compute new
vector components
constituents identified
preceding example
extract tuples
satisfaction techniques
two parameter
specialized corpus
independent phrases
event e2
translation corresponds
describe briefly
empirical distribution
translations provided
sentence 5
statistical significance
construct automatically
mle method
resolve coreference
gale program
contextual effect
internal constituent
transcription task
numeric estimates
probability model
main data
cluster configuration
current category
head vp
seed list
wage reductions
situations encountered
speaker attempts
program proceeds
initial phase
accepted words
arbitrary domains
un modele
top token
default unifications
problem still
diphone inventory
time references
eu data
ipa symbols
question expects
efficient parser
use weighted
content criteria
subtask label
example 14
syntactical level
ap sample
procedural constructs
ptq treatment
useful evidence
single text
change would
filtering components
descriptive point
sentences took
automated deduction
groupe nominal
generating simple
storage locations
orientation within
evaluation processes
salient partially
resolution engine
appear b
system fails
based attributes
correct keywords
languages included
beil et
segment beginning
machine language
based class
steady progress
sign agr
personality dimensions
class restrictions
access components
severe sparse
superb food
overall correlation
simple editing
original answer
physical description
lengthy training
gestures used
words obtained
systems represented
better discriminative
french mt
system misunderstood
search requires
graphical presentations
judging rules
unique identifying
second constraint
classes discussed
modification would
relative effects
compiling hpsg
comprehension tasks
footnote 3
annotator must
published sources
calculated distance
basic commands
improvements described
ese dataset
complementary approaches
subject lines
monolingual corpus
incomplete syntactic
law manual
supporting multiple
small core
processing ill
practical goals
combination process
state visit
new proper
properties include
different strings
relation could
historical facts
various steps
accommodation sites
word string
concrete proposals
possible template
elliptic constructions
string automaton
different thesauri
position l
best perplexity
local conditions
real events
class classifiers
frame entries
intended use
emotional states
use parallel
une application
positive evaluation
distance dependencies
first transformation
statistical inference
legitimate pairing
structure changes
companies involved
butler hill
right bias
qualia elements
much context
probable category
restriction schema
interactive environments
tool makes
owl dl
lexical inventory
present version
r linear
correct interpretations
figures give
top fs
right form
snippets retrieved
recent child
interior design
level tone
quote marks
similar goal
subordinate conjunctions
specific access
semantic restriction
terminal part
separation symbol
steps 4
annotation matrices
descriptions rather
late 1980s
mechanisms based
teaching cs510
b given
output candidate
gazdar 1989
tense morphemes
suitable annotation
transformation models
particular reference
new messages
break ties
measure coverage
variation instance
labeled f1
spatial trace
categorical features
l structure
complete translations
daughter np
distinct part
people normally
research council
state representation
code sequences
perform global
finite control
speec h
every conceptual
history d1
cognitive architecture
reliable translation
sentences appears
grammar formalism
da categories
log interval
chosen may
structural operations
combinations actually
true boundary
definition texts
4 see
semantic opposition
functional information
coding instructions
biology research
unit boundary
grammatical competence
vector analysis
representation produced
mapping pattern
less processing
recognition alternates
middle levels
classification training
word lemmata
state mechanism
theoretic measure
generation trees
independence among
following exceptions
successor string
u z
specific levels
indirect anaphoric
2 year
local collocation
using hidden
c h
random baseline
entire syllable
object always
u v
present day
cannot estimate
feature testing
pass speech
negative attitude
lexical character
national laboratory
first checks
pas toujours
causative verbs
b matrix
task includes
dynamic value
maximal frequent
uses function
n variables
annotation protocol
average word
use mdl
heuristics described
head sense
pointlike bit
case assigner
knowledge constraints
cepstral compensation
adaptive dynamic
connecting nodes
recent antecedent
associative responses
communicative strategies
utterances constituting
many non
tertiary stress
formulas like
p operator
model exploits
minimum cut
numbered arguments
using input
columns provide
entailment rules
table extraction
dialog mode
lattices produced
monkey business
lambda function
distance increases
simpler model
sentence often
depth l
set search
meaningful segments
added tags
current number
np detection
balanced f
node pointer
gene ontologies
basic constituent
file may
underlying cfg
pereira 1991
positive value
sparc ultra
graph c
ddc code
new version
linguistics applications
nametag configuration
copy editor
explore issues
internal information
little information
capitalizing machine
problem b
vast range
nondeterministic paths
drinks gasoline
redundant hypotheses
right trees
10 sentences
web frequency
systems extract
new descriptive
another case
predictive grammar
equations 16
les solutions
pragmatic maxims
natural quality
strings used
different parser
possess two
coverage lexical
mass expressions
sequence classifiers
distinguished position
document subsets
10 students
second sense
valency element
2 tests
subsequent discussion
among information
transliteration units
improved versions
frame model
natural formalism
ranked constraints
esps waves
tel que
nlg system
type documents
corpus exists
inclusion ratio
optimisation algorithm
wmolt kernel
trees combine
cesta protocol
translation proposed
right answers
product service
small degradation
generator decisions
instances tagged
current idas
odd number
optional run
higher classification
translation phase
idf feature
pruning operations
situation uses
query optimization
closest noun
acquired knowledge
nist score
among alternatives
specific sequences
line measures
preceding question
type two
linguistic module
target functions
transformation may
recognition using
many stages
normalized mean
coding modules
user frustration
background sentences
confidence according
human information
elementary address
paper version
restricted type
third test
information element
590 abstracts
3 x
predefined topic
sentences etc
nlp since
subject boundary
learned grammars
experimental support
ilex corpus
output production
specialization criterion
class associated
features achieves
one predicate
particular subtask
movement operations
person entity
project dp0453131
991 words
derivations leading
accurate parses
linguistic sponsoring
core idea
signal analysis
ambiguous sequence
nl p
gave rise
explicit description
routines must
scoped readings
nous pouvons
implicit relation
variations would
development activities
input would
relations along
measure also
stopping criteria
reference mechanism
5 proposes
inference types
additional resource
language tree
regular n
classical rhetoric
arbitrary member
language specified
experience obtained
patent text
exponentially increases
speech c
another argument
quantitative knowledge
also signi
independent source
american heritage
corresponding phrases
script representation
including descriptions
common structures
query input
inference techniques
connecting point
relative accuracy
general strategy
two parses
let ps
wall stree
type selected
two trade
segment grammar
transformational grammar
ambiguity types
bayesian discrimination
module requires
information followed
german bundesministerium
mentioned applications
aggregation operator
case could
au r
null modern
shifts evaluation
sentiment expressed
adaptive statistical
lms using
parameters needed
original positions
capture general
worst accuracy
identification consists
occurring texts
two countries
relation entre
hypothesis set
well formedness
first template
informational contribution
problem within
label name
queries contain
haizhou et
nearing completion
using online
require careful
events without
always selects
tile top
spatial minimality
synchronous rule
rules include
relative locations
subjects whose
tile features
following section
previous reports
measure across
realistic evaluation
unparsed input
suitable class
pk test
clause model
lexicon designed
different weighting
evaluation domain
potential future
similar topic
uninflected word
dependency tuples
competitive interruptions
additional computation
bigram tagger
larger values
three part
alignment distribution
problem occurred
definite subject
message switch
fit naturally
wrong head
allows interaction
cityu test
new term
data stored
edited nodes
recursively generate
retrieval quality
superordinate level
standard constituents
personnel information
sub clause
prep n2
mainichi shimbun
external corpus
machine summaries
target direction
mountain view
standard strategy
place predicates
extraction processing
intersected model
time rl
two subtrees
recall range
best output
two strategies
arabic numerals
wide spread
every character
different evaluation
remain stable
unnecessary expansion
strategic component
therefore compute
documents whose
alignment produces
suboptimal threshold
individual phones
constituents together
different tokenizations
key value
e ui
value assignment
description pair
proposition might
quickly adapt
system ran
linguistics research
mwv head
tile desired
geutner et
isolated clauses
corpus analysis
analyze errors
dynamic set
f texts
frequent co
type structure
tree bottom
major roles
repeated sentence
basic information
individual performance
text positions
knowledge conveyed
uncertainty sampling
depend strongly
future decisions
timetable domain
communicative task
sequence associated
final choice
core timexes
penalty feature
type tagging
team linguists
500 words
reasonable degree
detail see
heavy computation
specific preference
following errors
word links
nlp efforts
relevant connections
given constraints
first collects
loglinear model
metaphors used
boundary symbols
features stand
logic programs
one edge
systems also
maxent algorithm
write g
correspondence assumption
programs require
message analysis
detailed specification
mutual help
intervening words
document coreferences
specified level
operations allowed
stops short
computational strategies
oliviero stock
positive set
improve clustering
computer display
word acoustic
described hereafter
unique attributes
per string
bup parser
sanjeev khudanpur
communicate using
exact location
make selections
extraction step
learning modules
tree model
neutral point
paths generated
augmented grammar
word hqph
linguistic specification
variable value
based probability
joint parsing
robert dale
ts task
labels shown
name x
human summarisers
important respect
entire population
system outlined
linguistic traditions
conditional form
crucial linguistic
multiclass problems
given rank
identify paraphrases
venture corpus
continue cf
external behavior
compound meaning
complex learning
rich set
dependency forest
modeling elements
agent requires
document clusters
probabilistic neighborhood
separate group
empirical experiments
lhe case
single data
eliminating redundant
4 corpus
favorable results
lexical accommodation
ones developed
final end
lexical compounds
tag sequence
distribution using
minor part
based smoothing
time constraints
strongest feature
node node2
term project
sports co
based segmentation
rule notation
english service
analysis represents
autosegmental phonology
extracted instance
space hierarchies
probabilities involving
since tag
tree similar
many edges
chen 1994
random one
sentences shown
collaborative dialogue
systems involved
based measurement
listening cloze
whether sentence
pay attention
roles similar
limited number
data sizes
interesting extensions
lexical composition
different notations
listener l
systems across
new investments
structure categories
english list
study examining
hand environment
high reliability
average model
combining machine
equation 5
representations generated
token types
weight estimates
frequent pattern
horn clause
interaction using
accepts input
simple cycles
media type
text expansion
dynamic system
specific call
nominal anaphors
structure trees
subcategorized argument
features two
den mann
direct reflection
timing belt
increases considerably
une maison
word mode
parser selects
different value
system differ
item consists
le parcours
digit code
return answers
referring expressions
correct recognition
cluster similarity
search request
term attribute
party dialog
performance error
adapt existing
preliminary solution
classification strategies
word orders
three axiom
extend tile
sentence end
source terms
answer without
data 1
interface problem
cl nom
part must
lee 1999
hand built
first operation
2 deg
question following
mitre corp
capitalised words
relevance feed
c 6
enough level
discourse phenomenon
line experiments
use probabilities
art ie
simple integration
system behaviour
element tags
producing text
large structures
common ground
selected translations
cylinder head
v represent
network models
existing dialogue
independent component
e ciency
separate field
charniak 1998
analysis follows
term rhetorical
grammatical position
report also
panel beaters
features selected
nominal ig
minimization techniques
independent sentences
bound word
features resulted
relative magnitude
la variante
link together
shallow constituent
ner models
verb sense
combinatory logic
representation required
context rules
hypothesis words
major interest
appropriate entry
grammatical output
results evaluated
general goal
negated sentences
sentences contains
theory seems
contextual similarity
external files
hoff algorithms
alternative meanings
lp tree
provide insight
quantifier must
march 1998
1200 sentences
fille r
third clause
alternating path
preposition according
uncertain cases
apparaissent dans
term types
word substring
calculation process
quite di
extract content
instead o1
yields clause
minimal recursive
past studies
f entries
encoding system
coreferring expressions
features even
profound influence
lines 14
like newspaper
google syntax
handle part
mellish et
model chooses
inadequate grammar
together wlth
forces acting
question consists
ranked sense
finite output
one korean
5 program
john knew
vocabulary independence
minimal optimization
requires domain
reliability metric
cognitively sound
strategy results
way without
segmentation f
extent errors
trade center
every detail
specific facts
merging step
tools could
describe another
claim text
models reported
joshi approach
physical relation
dependent fashion
strategy introduced
therefore regard
thorough study
classificatory capacity
poor choice
composed tables
complex communicative
copy environments
system much
deep functional
generating plans
plan highlighted
iraqi arabic
experiments run
chinese typewriter
new automaton
bartlett et
md encoder
c1 c2
3 vs
useful preprocessing
corresponding source
integrated publication
barracas de
1 precision
query takes
efficient system
context like
additional flexibility
complex phonological
logic expression
language tag
second subset
best patterns
inspec database
se tenir
runs whose
total word
role parallelism
message routing
also train
simple future
2 user
parse input
model fits
real discourse
resolution consists
editing facilities
alignments computed
specific individual
learning word
literals w
text given
chevalier et
bitext maps
marysia system
unseen feature
reconnaissance de
comma may
unseen examples
propositional database
slight cost
resulting ne
central hub
ask system
briefly note
path patterns
deverbal compounds
5 meetings
features structure
list format
null work
conceptual co
argument corresponding
either h
line database
weight vector
another reason
head finder
bilingual verb
distinct categories
signed formulae
iu order
notice however
experimental phase
grammar components
speech sound
ii b
universal property
browsing capability
computational task
clustering procedure
include named
verbal paradigm
absorbing state
main activity
simple extensions
actions used
element corresponds
distinct trees
frames paradigm
force one
compares several
positive words
raw accuracy
operator verbs
categories np
tyrosine kinase
module receives
definite programs
given web
variability due
research studentship
chinese article
full type
candidate vp
ibm2 model
dependency notation
teaching assistant
arpa evaluation
preferred collocations
practical benefits
variable set
model 4
sorted variables
language vocabulary
related application
network may
training problem
recursive mdl
considerations suggest
obvious extensions
par ailleurs
propbank project
weak features
probabilistic bilingual
set comprises
national resource
class posterior
r name
correct stress
plan inference
halfphone sequence
annotated durations
brief analysis
node wi
footnote 10
underlying relations
main sections
surface pattern
new texts
monolingual wordnets
hierarchical information
authorship attribution
detection component
distinct answers
additional strings
output categories
global level
langue naturelle
order followers
used ms
highest king
match task
items l
category becomes
word number
input rule
performance comes
certain others
karttunen 1983
ig c
common tasks
increasing size
principle b
sequential function
collect information
g whose
fewer phrases
two decisions
activity verbs
link predicate
element marked
contains x
use svms
syntactic completion
quite straightforward
6 errors
appropriate responses
second utterance
hybrid model
nodes r
figure 5a
used dependency
higher plausibility
key system
learning curve
7 non
used templates
free component
3 bleu
angel ife
applications perspective
shi yao
function assignment
occurs either
hand piece
use scenarios
realisation process
node co
temporal entities
free sentences
sfc vectors
various window
conceptual pattern
temporal deixis
processing difficult
different set
levels according
pacific coast
log log
pa part
news items
e processing
mckeown et
country names
parameter adjustment
sentence graph
classification task
result graph
important processes
updated model
investigate techniques
involves applying
sequence q
cascade mechanism
latin words
checking module
node inherits
vo order
interactive books
female speaker
boy eats
produces results
forward search
du peuple
semantic definitions
ordinary language
null precision
type pronouns
good understanding
merging process
synonyms sets
cross segment
cost matrix
two newspapers
including phrasal
rules built
receive feedback
required size
shallow information
000 triples
interactive defaults
title template
pronunciation similarity
provide guidance
collection language
statistical component
orthographic tree
parametric types
filtering reduces
approach allowed
generic predicates
increases steadily
smaller ones
multilingual clustering
police killed
sets yield
clear distinction
fertility probability
step maps
kleinman 1994
given sense
involves also
paths may
alto research
modeling effort
leftmost symbol
french sentence
references may
different fragment
student errors
lingual applications
cost solution
molecular functions
george heidorn
predominant factor
one frameset
predicate modifiers
matrix called
id aer
rater 2
patient information
ir engines
traditional work
reference materials
v inf
domain parser
full treebank
two taxonomies
realistic system
posterior p
control character
concern within
syntactic functions
dens une
balance gene
rhetorical plans
e step
rules acquired
databases provide
incorrect prediction
boundary accuracy
determine similarity
accumulated cost
also constitute
theory states
10 pairs
good candidates
grammatical patterns
sa pipe
null pronominals
grammar analysis
generally work
relations finder
specific factors
synthesis techniques
various references
measures rank
algorithm also
agent receives
expansion planner
selected clusters
adjacent angles
cues might
example scenario
bigram based
involves running
terminal tokens
analysis described
model refinement
general topic
sense profile
inheritance relations
systematic solution
ellipsis occurrences
validity checking
dictionaries typically
sequence u
much information
single leaf
extended projections
finally section
relation x
static property
representations may
module identifies
rules generalize
function indp
parser operates
distinct tokens
separate fields
ordre des
sources include
file gives
errors people
different system
external conditions
single port
matrix represents
asr outputs
compositional data
coded representation
sift system
method may
abstract features
moving window
syntactic generalization
ties together
current template
thematic properties
tool must
null subject
reader would
anaphoric chain
increasing distance
might term
scaling algorithms
jack filled
default value
state ot
sentences retrieved
mcdonald 1983
temporal co
discrete set
based formulation
one stack
marked contrast
final test
additional insights
symbols whose
head head
producing utterances
du syntagme
algorithmic details
phological analyzer
length a2
referents could
generate one
corresponding component
interesting connections
form created
mention strategy
key words
san salvador
multiple actions
correct graph
merge takes
human readers
state morphology
plain texts
rhetorical status
tuple r
learning event
alone feature
corresponding sentences
development purposes
targets may
defining rules
markedness relation
treebank developed
categorial ambiguity
intuitive interface
good index
perform linguistic
contain content
specified maximum
constants corresponding
new entries
design stage
small minority
switch penalty
fact used
1989 wall
exception features
recursive ascent
generator also
russian lexicon
confusable drug
engineering papers
processing domain
probabilistic shift
light smokers
increases almost
told afips
examples like
annotation algorithm
detailed feedback
wordnet concept
verbal base
des syst
functor looking
right approach
derivation boundaries
instance features
resulting tree
local encoding
specific cases
papillon dictionary
te entities
ignoring punctuation
matrix e
data performed
grammatical representations
assume access
parser never
likelihoods p
causal inferences
unsupervised disambiguation
languages rather
iterative method
detective fiction
figures represent
three categories
discourse record
preferred sentence
bracket erasure
statistical comparison
rule describing
ary relation
phonemic segments
task provides
nouns also
standard parse
model holds
primary measure
one attempt
distortion measure
correct allomorph
paragraph containing
shot mary
lowest precision
underlying corpus
indicating location
information centrality
positive outcomes
mixing time
igure 5
head child
score takes
situation inference
une cellule
additional means
three trees
entire discourse
online community
natural analysis
use meta
e derived
sls applications
connection rules
high volume
assign credit
identifies relevant
training features
initial analysis
explanatory value
best aspects
probability distribution
synonym matching
autre part
category structures
lexical characters
words around
typical problems
driven parser
inflectional classes
riedel et
pages 1
full boolean
keyword approach
corpus one
major undertaking
cannot discriminate
reference code
current discussion
recall based
simulation mode
produce acceptable
graph shown
broad focus
via rules
lexphon system
place predicate
macro definition
trigram scores
compliant components
complement combinations
outperforms one
use articles
e b
multilingual corpus
affix mapping
certain definite
representation presented
parent chain
features designed
temporal pattern
terminal productions
interlingual system
hundred percent
complete documentation
denoted g
intonational focus
japanese expressions
total model
two classifications
appropriate methods
suivant le
thin paper
possible exceptions
anal yser
markup languages
marginal relevance
two solutions
automatic feedback
human relatedness
static dictionary
nouns involved
writer would
salience model
fleischman et
whole grammar
hedge sentences
multilingual approach
art results
people communicate
recognized list
vp frame
unbalanced distribution
completion step
use j
second child
verb forms
example whose
collocation frequency
inherent feature
human vs
gale et
alignment used
framenet example
tough coach
label assigned
different words
successful approach
ten years
contains representations
expanding node
operating point
coherence measure
gt pass
decomposition inquiries
process include
antonymy relation
online version
annotated training
document lengths
hal daum
model proved
sentences received
average character
ambiguous questions
verb distributions
vt u
use grammar
similarities computed
twelve subjects
instrument type
event instance
feature complexes
novel contribution
every subtree
syntax errors
see improvements
resolving ipas
multiplicative factor
theory 7
context elements
surface context
maxent puzzle
program checks
matrix f
solve problems
high ranking
instances satisfying
substantial modifications
jpn texts
phrase ench
several perspectives
research one
representing situations
tte itta
computational solutions
linguistic characteristics
results proved
examining pairs
heuristic principles
relation patterns
cat systems
similar constraints
every partition
concrete level
telephone kiosk
give conclusions
manual compilation
translation components
pose difficulties
truncated fall
improve term
substantial speed
ne translation
plot summaries
analysis framework
algorithm scales
certain candidates
hard problems
yi j
missing slots
graph contains
representation requires
identification requests
additional evaluation
allows syntactic
system classi
produces appropriate
certain areas
g program
whole unit
transferred f
every element
subject object
younger adults
deductive databases
novel evaluation
dialogue 1
pc 1
substitute one
msg interpreter
another relational
ich nehme
categories like
single semantic
individual scaling
interpretation involves
express spatial
median score
last frame
signature features
frame axioms
salient element
communication homme
refer indirectly
promising approach
explanation strategies
conceptual context
gram using
second antecedent
secondary adjunction
spanish sentence
episodic retrieval
potential confusor
subtree rooted
data classification
expression indicating
link type
stylistic properties
generates context
main proposition
generated language
22 words
extracted concept
sterile source
des individus
based gui
act definitions
mrd sources
analyst must
winston et
fusion methods
boundary sites
topic specific
two questions
criterion used
dimension corresponds
initial ontology
bup system
10 milliseconds
one message
node chains
match well
et permet
unsupervised morphology
specialized phrases
partial syntactic
sizable grammar
parallel surface
methods would
meaningful rule
maximal blocks
naive solution
overlapping ambiguity
collection enrichment
conditions expressed
tim case
architecture using
segmentation criteria
deictic expression
schwester dem
priori information
length parameter
last decision
system knew
ssn parsing
labor cost
net senses
informatio n
desirable property
fails since
english frames
three tokens
night ann
projective iff
occur predominantly
resulting meaning
many circumstances
practical consequences
linear structure
case x
la chambre
rule r3
relevant content
september 11
quantifier phrases
mccallum et
null ability
determining appropriate
pairs increases
parse rules
proper chunks
value variables
et ne
extractable data
digital circuit
measure calculated
semantic tags
word 2
two statistics
whereas static
committee based
relation representations
c features
logical terminals
recognizer uses
determine automatically
one match
wh question
c also
significant point
zero alternant
detailed construction
pang et
grammatical aspects
database indexing
use free
increased efficiency
project uses
new media
entry w
achieve close
binary relationships
train corpus
environment based
probabilistic interpretation
sentence verb
major extensions
subjunction causes
chunk alignment
opera di
empirical probabilities
sensitive formalisms
results relating
relational adjectives
scientific center
matches part
many sub
free recursion
user specialty
naive semantics
smaller categories
sls research
preference heuristic
reliable score
initial baseline
one experiment
svm based
updating rules
significantly reduces
block model
concepts like
disambiguation method
patil 1982
taxonomic organization
language parsing
deduction format
system perspective
second letter
epenthetic e
lexicon whose
semiconductor production
health eating
lower wer
potential sources
formatting instructions
current definition
bare templates
specified list
graduate studies
speech contains
null rather
smaller trees
optimal k
null john
using annotation
middle range
autosegmental phonological
considerable challenge
diverse corpora
bindings may
backup compiler
predictable information
discovery project
description would
ling unification
reasons may
indirect forms
unsupervised manner
binary context
distance relations
structured associations
global path
map representing
plural verb
additional value
target instance
transliteration based
higher entropy
phonological systems
lower percentages
children node
uttered sentences
honorific verbal
nih grant
neutral reference
iwslt task
class flight
open constituent
clir systems
sources beyond
efficient polynomial
global maximum
considering context
stack information
pragmatic aspects
corresponding vector
systems returned
task environment
english classes
design considerations
two constants
speech level
model family
acknowledge moves
labeled accuracy
uses decision
names appear
edge c
tree determines
bootstrapping procedure
rule 3
smart run
fall together
course may
strategies people
ga suru
several systems
unit initial
confidence intervals
automatic construction
control scheme
design makes
de impresi
syndetic modelling
la zone
features incrementally
stress pattern
tagging application
semantic mapping
pumpkin problem
ontology learning
mapping information
final clause
segmental map
probabilistic function
involve identifying
speech recognisers
diagram elements
outer tree
ratnaparkhi data
word knowledge
inference mechanism
efficient access
one memory
format expected
l whose
tag questions
since definitions
default system
system provided
large reductions
second week
tobi break
provided examples
identity function
state names
similar success
multilingual version
overall level
ts also
expression ce
example paper
evidence indicates
humsent accuracy
describe things
wrapper approach
potential complements
related activities
intrinsic structure
scored dg
everyday experience
system looks
classifier models
sentence vectors
locating preposition
verbal material
help requests
matching strategies
multimodal context
dependent supertags
mitchel meet
proposition pdoubt
knowledge maps
proteus project
single target
let cl
single linear
series distribution
common setting
source identifier
identification work
0 p
system attempted
constituent accuracy
job evaluation
hard cases
accident domain
class lcfrs
temporal relationships
likely sentence
touch typing
sendr actions
output chunk
5 elements
strings occur
first indicator
unequal parts
resulting tag
2004 evaluation
every configuration
potential importance
made decisions
components per
program called
a39a41a40 a50
possible errors
near misses
sam system
correct verb
subsequent section
consistency assumption
larger differences
gf grammars
outcome would
cooperative task
single kind
tell q
clock times
pronouns whose
larger segments
preceded speech
identify heads
list proposed
one iteration
purpose algorithms
temporal context
native interface
wang et
table size
earley parsers
shot john
patterns specific
table style
attention state
target location
extractio n
last pair
recognition expert
learner presented
pragmatic adapter
graph a50
typical phrase
verb head
perceptual strategies
information inside
first conduct
processing usually
like terms
concrete illustration
five alternatives
classifier selection
28 ao
2 car
multimedia transformation
pp adjunct
structures within
comme le
language papers
lexical assignment
finite closure
apply default
factors interact
exception lists
following problem
minimal complexity
delete forward
interpretation services
basic string
strong verb
previous researchers
senses related
insider trading
long run
graph transformations
lecture transcription
supporting resources
many institutions
unique parse
le voting
special tasks
fewer sentences
unordered trees
various constraints
e best
choice node
considers two
fisher information
model variations
measure presented
chunghwa test
source word
extracted arguments
use alternative
grif words
hmm structure
operations applied
brown development
algorithm worked
second potential
context class
die frau
kernel space
central feature
value grammar
tile space
hmm tagging
hypernym paths
difference measure
level one
occurrences appear
identical rankings
official senseval
important changes
use dictionaries
requirements regarding
a184 a209
duc 2005
entire conversation
speakers must
20 tokens
performance suffers
latter condition
article text
type events
discrimination function
points corresponding
taking application
constituents according
le gouvernement
assigned hub
training parsers
sens de
complete comparison
parser design
given surface
pairs ranked
handled condition
decision table
parsers typically
ocean systems
negative binomial
spl expression
clustering strategy
raw count
generic predicate
object arguments
meet semilattice
sufficient syntactic
specific terms
three pairwise
la lexis
predicate letters
verbs semantically
weight used
nl objects
implicit subjects
robotic soccer
la casa
case representations
many applications
point f
region 1
acoustic data
local binding
expressive representation
following inputs
core verbs
input edges
two top
event reports
terminal state
online large
conditional semantics
one profile
certain coherence
two features
element representing
original hand
structural variation
path noun
annotation phase
di f
motivated techniques
find best
opinion sentences
method disambiguates
since verbal
kernel methods
h tone
primary use
h tones
passage containing
existential constraint
trec assessors
names indicate
since october
higher capacity
using class
interpreter described
processing sentence
blipp corpus
tree distribution
efficient approaches
process environment
phrases per
similar sense
tdt tasks
computer purchasing
important ones
difficulty inherent
explicit statement
additional set
local comparison
utterance parser
relationships implicit
news data
free predicate
lexical objects
alternative classification
act tags
process japanese
unreduced form
inverse mapping
novel set
system performances
srl systems
das fahrrad
disambiguation relies
ts produced
symbolic computation
computational power
inflation rate
noun cluster
monotonic constraints
unstructured scenarios
levels ranging
document comparison
likely interpretations
augmented transfer
polynomial function
schema tree
splitting domain
candidate extraction
candidate surface
detachable prefix
mappings h
specific fact
judgment opinions
contains almost
root radical
global list
emphasis added
generated summaries
lp parsing
unseen portion
language different
bl pos
quality score
bracketed notation
refinement system
representative systems
webber 1978
node receives
textual expressions
standard formats
french counterpart
guessing component
current ner
latter expression
major theoretical
named entities
given theory
correlate well
scoring procedure
atkins 1991
action could
info tion
resulting matrices
highly language
time aligned
get longer
1 alignment
commands like
open compound
common phonological
attributive reading
metric learning
input material
first section
adverbial modi
function variables
finite encodability
two room
similarities based
au sujet
different levels
de aru
problem regarding
new propositions
experiment suggests
output matrix
large sentence
preprocessing tools
third area
english pair
edges already
related ways
system says
joint action
bacillus subtilis
describes work
potential donors
null rate
human annotated
walkthrough article
dialogue without
elided sentences
queries cannot
feature structures
structure uses
next statement
scott waterman
match features
equivalent regular
based application
structuring function
reichman 1978
much manual
term representation
temporary data
produce bilingual
nps like
connected mode
entity together
whose actor
reranking algorithms
computer system
new human
spurious parses
fundamental assumption
parses without
research group
segmented form
based trigram
p indicates
sensor group
simplistic approach
sole exception
identifying dialogue
embedded push
including precision
vowel change
derivation tree
models assume
principal ways
santorini 1990
approach selects
language planning
additional system
general constraints
66 features
ten thousands
saw earlier
retrieves documents
improved context
j dictionary
00 p
medical dictations
given head
kidnapping event
trs came
direct attention
evaluation criterion
tag features
method gives
blind deconvolution
online texts
digraph analysis
er l
tag also
cues must
wacholder 1998
perceptual task
null egory
semantic slot
operator takes
acceptable input
rich domains
regulus 2
cas de
alignment probabilities
four utterances
mais les
la fonction
preliminary findings
sparsity problems
test condition
focusing rules
every assignment
important impact
relevance measure
synonymy among
weighted retention
incorrect parses
reordered source
standard way
material must
recall tradeoff
french speaking
unknown segments
necessary precondition
regression matrix
exclusive classes
following comma
complex test
tutorial dialogues
lakoff 1987
analysis predicts
answer generator
singular interpretation
extracts sentences
le francais
bracketed ttree
represent distinct
lexical similarity
e cd
system handled
cases assigned
thus prevent
recursive grammar
john walked
casts shadow
gle est
sole means
maintenance system
single proposition
inference routine
modern mongolian
obvious importance
nuclear reactor
seed lexicon
prior word
precise evaluation
normalized eigenvectors
preferences could
pattern p
likely answer
articulatory features
deduction rules
information concerning
500 abstracts
status reports
change without
regular way
two allomorphs
state reading
japanese patent
th cluster
associated plans
semantic action
frequent information
generate logical
recognition transcripts
larger lexicon
output corresponding
rules operate
occurrence based
miniature language
classes inside
mean agreement
clear definition
relation introduces
words starting
dynamically construct
error analysis
different sequences
four language
classes automatically
candidate head
special morphemic
proximity scores
many research
question stems
phoneme b
driven system
pronunciation lattice
certain domains
realization processes
invalid assumption
accurately model
translation experience
network n
1 error
final ig
candidates supplied
including subject
data banks
name plus
data repository
phrase dependency
improving translation
position 7
knowledge manager
phrase templates
domain words
test suite
estimates probabilities
ghz pentium
object u
informational coherence
liver disease
th column
two scales
provide insights
definitions using
unique root
80 clusters
data harvesting
trees constitute
segmentation sequence
analysis parses
59 verbs
made questions
word ratio
control characters
event concept
automated annotation
prefix rule
present concern
theoretical motivation
bigram model
secondary tags
npa7 a3
similar varieties
handling strategies
approach instead
filtering performance
call software
concentrate upon
perceived coherence
contains links
1 minus
different approaches
experimental analysis
application specific
multimodal commands
maximal answer
anne abeill
expert language
speech translation
eventually converges
giving details
language obtained
previous minor
rank number
multilingual wordnets
nominalization operator
friendly manner
source example
computer words
arbitrary gaps
second processing
valency grammar
bayesian net
june 2005
relevance correlation
infinitival complements
lexical contexts
subordinated clauses
stop short
paced reading
backoff method
final search
brachman 1978
three state
ix used
segmental structure
source model
reliable case
introduced noise
g w
mhz pentium
additional words
que si
whole issue
function check
used smart
desc queries
distinct uses
evaluation workbench
data content
important form
vbd vbn
provide means
definitive conclusions
overlapping elements
extended earley
significant efforts
finding documents
statistical taggers
tim following
fresh variables
locative prepositional
overall translation
refined theory
chief operating
arbitrary word
structure conditions
south afdca
event expectations
third workshop
subject argument
information specifying
agent x
dans cette
information exclusively
broader sense
conjunct without
rows corresponding
subsequent pronominal
assessment process
action control
phrases embedded
robust parsers
fare better
randomness assumption
specific collection
constrain word
duplicate information
cognate ne
coding scheme
approach applied
dividing line
las cruces
conference registration
lower order
distinguish discourse
null second
dalal et
various sense
identification ability
making decisions
makes classification
sophisticated discourse
sphinx speech
key assumption
cmu speech
sentence search
data item
nominative singular
infinite sums
topicon contains
appropriate feature
second tier
industrial prototype
four numbers
negative opinion
appropriate examples
chart subversion
word omissions
output uses
correction framework
rule needs
second step
languages comes
condition using
certain names
rr module
civil war
adviser dialogues
f distribution
ch ch
evaluation given
transduction cascade
information weights
generic type
language support
subsequence permutation
task well
yields results
using svm
new morphemes
x give
corresponding edge
concept grammar
based anaphora
letter represents
one factor
krotov et
actions occur
question subject
significant data
plus simple
list representing
dop derivation
incremental chart
auxiliary node
katz co
based success
penman system
atc domain
given letter
column vector
expressions would
wider sense
various standard
pay special
process constructs
r instance
phonetic word
n candidates
additional syntax
monolingual component
semantic load
arabic noun
treebank 2
learner receives
predicates must
new possibilities
involves linking
resolve pronouns
accent recognition
model combination
two flavors
point scale
search rate
monolingual sentences
provide unique
information unit
combinations involving
spatiotemporal location
good policy
bayes model
many unification
basic mode
line speech
sequential decision
obviously depends
different preference
coverage hpsg
perception verbs
kees van
place according
horizontal plane
unification techniques
better interpretation
landing gear
techniques use
important categories
method improved
records may
unobserved class
standard xml
hypothetical questions
features whose
step process
see collins
unit lexicon
significant combinations
representation available
methodology adopted
target concept
kernel traffic
3 discusses
computer responses
semantic formalism
preprocessed user
particular structures
means x
structures specified
general web
standard constraint
sentence development
realistic assumption
scripting languages
search string
un graphe
frozen elements
functional perspective
jack went
per template
process effectively
1992 p
state relations
computational intractability
ushioda et
paper poss
participial forms
unigram mappings
sentence begins
superordinate classes
surface information
two lists
standardization efforts
memory rather
head b
theory consists
turing estimates
quantifier binding
reasoning systems
inverse action
create additional
meanings according
corpus v3
code hierarchy
contract n000014
aspectual classes
one pronunciation
pdtb project
cardinal numbers
returned bombs
neither approach
contains sufficient
early decisions
entire class
rewrite patterns
manual production
speed requirements
verb cause
retrieval using
frame database
limited scale
tlink tag
one implementation
fragments based
compositional fashion
adding terms
gender pronouns
attribute occurrences
syllable segmentation
work showing
document together
needs attention
double arrows
ideal reference
control loci
kernel dotted
symbols w
certain problems
quite time
two parsers
multinomial model
adjacency model
data describing
chest pain
telephone services
1 category
suitable application
external source
multiple learning
marc vilain
special sentence
speaking people
accuracy scores
line segment
particular actions
context resolution
nacht geregend
relevant evidence
research builds
system collects
interactive web
three files
next couple
three representative
measure could
5 steps
conceptual information
formant synthesis
texts onto
act slot
performance boost
similar forms
component tags
rules represent
important nlp
assign default
wkh 1
use generalized
using probability
static parsing
data management
whether verb
abbreviation model
regular polysemic
attention must
trivial solution
negative part
direct mappings
event relevance
models already
compound interpretation
collection procedure
cdc 6600
1 sec
hand corner
integrating word
specific instructions
theoretical semantics
candidates per
largest contribution
second b
specified classes
thus proceeds
entity taggers
neutral turns
flight booking
transformational part
approach operates
geographic name
similar distributions
give input
de coordination
single name
verbs typically
language corresponds
features apply
input without
des domaines
default operator
iti et
unlike machine
collocation occurs
unsatisfactory performance
two legs
terms ranked
recognition alone
require three
model showing
lfg language
event arguments
fourth measure
qualitative results
biographical texts
250 characters
100 sample
episodic logic
create entities
complex clause
bidirectional conversion
program currently
numeric expressions
abe 1998
unlabeled dependency
second process
learning scheme
embedded constructions
np id
affinity information
conjoined equations
results showing
full implementation
detected links
specified object
sentential word
weighted combination
specification allows
parser code
white noise
prevents us
sets associated
factors responsible
request info
order verb
general sense
gaussians per
research fields
acronym string
subsentential phrases
lowest error
letter f
segmentation task
entropy probability
great opportunity
prior model
state might
known systems
one bunsetsu
adaptation method
hpsg based
tile pronoun
function selects
expected meanings
rescoring approach
articles spanning
instance space
various generalizations
phrases produced
token index
optimal use
rule insertion
specified frame
symbol manipulation
three uses
f measures
findings point
inflectional properties
use ibm
teletext page
therefore support
node information
syntagmatic patterning
thought processes
10 pages
boundary type
fragment combination
head within
svm model
understanding components
relations derived
linguistic insight
logical polysemy
final result
phenomenon called
general standard
training space
positive cases
utility program
role within
version based
using ascii
unit would
system operation
new vector
term candidates
25 messages
length 6
nodes contain
comparison node
systems leads
low entropy
remarkable improvement
good phrase
reference relations
derived clauses
expression recognition
real probability
theoretic notions
solely relies
train leaves
simulated pointing
tag parsers
hoc methods
german surface
one random
different facts
partial derivations
terminal must
speech file
four summaries
fact occur
valid tie
transliteration model
used fo
romper system
type variable
algorithm requires
ontological resources
defined meaning
also fits
values extracted
phrase recognizers
different hierarchies
preference patterns
research interest
models usually
auxiliary avere
relations b
representation facilitates
relations necessary
revised submission
rule writers
model simply
forward connection
local predicate
word predicted
critical ambiguities
incorrect decisions
linguistic modeling
state explicitly
knowledge processing
harry potter
null category
similarity computation
list boxes
systems could
valency dictionaries
kwic concordance
hierarchical links
liberman 1993
another subject
specific modules
n increases
multiple communicative
major pauses
sd grant
model scores
simple treatment
design must
second idea
key feature
unlabeled instances
order vectors
000 utterances
former problem
ir test
published papers
year 2003
tags also
produced thesaurus
agreement means
significative digits
output translations
entity type
vowel harmony
current section
absolute frequencies
oj factory
program keeps
multimodal information
major importance
vertex list
term index
matching problem
largest value
20 th
honorific infix
system basically
allemand et
indicative words
point higher
information instead
satellite broadcasting
future goals
realistic problems
possible reconstructions
kehler 1997
function instead
label associated
question rather
lexical variables
estimate two
different newspaper
sophie opened
phrase modifies
de certaines
transferred parses
new distribution
segments 1
first snowdrop
sentences seems
associated actions
small number
1 denote
full random
english phonetic
wa 01
punctual event
mes du
simultaneous use
semitic texts
two charts
quoted text
sl phrase
unsupervised clustering
level logical
precision rates
system invokes
rapid advances
computer animation
building dialogue
key ingredients
baseline rule
wc consider
rate information
selecting feature
need may
mwe identification
selecting examples
classifier gives
extracting grammars
existing sources
keyword phrases
temporal information
spotting prototype
suggests two
effort e
score achieved
presence heuristics
standard naive
low snr
three principal
good platform
metaphoric extension
tags across
three prepositions
discursive information
key factors
programs must
authors believe
left parsing
reference might
semantics seems
system evaluates
single prosodic
tags surrounding
noeuds de
comic effect
category 5
definition used
system encodes
identification rate
path specification
eme test
subject would
annotator marks
mental models
thematization procedure
der strafle
mixed model
red house
english lexicon
solutions could
correct weight
terms listed
natural notion
powerful skip
also enhances
video content
external component
vector sizes
level classifier
expectation semiring
function applied
entire syntactic
technique also
motor vehicles
frequency measure
data 3
involves capturing
lexicon w
refinement operator
observation sequences
graham russell
central parts
presentation may
equivalent context
week ago
resources available
reflect sentence
ported disks
relations within
considerable advantage
acts may
manual pruning
paper explores
like word
pilot experiments
pragmatic module
single direction
true recall
string covered
following paragraph
john williams
informational units
stcg rule
general generalizations
rule works
grammatical organization
hockenmaier et
precision improvement
acceptability constraints
three conditions
static background
uses finite
system processed
ontology underlying
complexity required
maximum deviation
strong weight
exists today
communicative goals
words reduces
vocabulary selection
provides definitions
values represent
first focus
similar purposes
star ii
set combinations
default preference
protocol formulations
conditional clusters
present measures
tape machine
traditional category
various forms
floor clean
la sli
iyer et
weighted scores
dependency insertion
concrete values
independent corpora
hand entered
verbalized noun
art language
x revised
discourse strategy
additional levels
common situation
mary harper
similar head
balance matching
unseen noun
open vs
poor result
crfs models
relc x
fwo grammar
past twenty
tagger employs
computer operator
special answer
feature indicating
systems achieve
knowledge derived
possible problem
oblique objects
scoring strategy
l w
scrambling data
mixed media
system expresses
news sections
filter applies
algorithm sketched
30 articles
elliptical utterances
format developed
usual independence
5 deals
defined order
flights leaving
increasing parsing
different abstracts
certain phrase
row wise
french verb
every plan
coverage techniques
three literals
difference appears
rental car
reference corpus
improve human
generalization power
murphy system
features record
aircraft type
different factors
terminal leaves
tree filter
real adaboost
knowledge b
sgml elements
communicative space
knowledge necessary
success measure
contextual representation
phrase occurs
functional knowledge
previous equations
line interface
middle word
four models
4 sentences
grammar builds
default assumption
called generic
automatically retrieves
procedure proposed
defined interfaces
apply hmm
negative impact
larger rule
li e
specific word
extracts pairs
lexical attribute
problematic situation
financial terms
unification strength
steps described
ungrammatical inputs
optimal paths
level course
low correlation
f r
module searches
incomplete utterance
metaphorical meanings
basic skills
morphological rules
prosodic organization
common underlying
thousand words
frequency correlation
use cannot
original lfg
following parametric
valence patterns
a1a3a2 construction
uses linguistic
villavicencio et
domain related
two co
identical set
potential evidence
difficulties stem
hoc topics
annotation components
generic message
violation marks
following entry
vocabulary may
inferential capabilities
unsupervised corpus
using generation
dependency annotations
object coreference
level intonational
tk software
user receives
bind assumption
incorrect classifications
pairs might
using hmms
linear optimization
translate english
label arguments
exploratory experiments
paradise evaluation
measures except
clear indicator
translation group
whose frequencies
slot entry
unsupervised approach
boundaries assigned
pilot database
merge probability
extracted table
major content
svm trained
phrasal parsing
describe entities
initial classifier
constraint language
anatomical structure
indeed contain
possible inputs
search mode
units extracted
expectation matrix
map one
matching synonym
illustrative example
tokens may
data yielded
casual user
hotel regina
query metaplans
stative intervals
possible bigrams
probabilistic decision
english would
intermediate roles
approach taken
null ance
sanctions act
splog filtering
discrete units
automatically word
probable sequence
collective contexts
subjective sentences
cannot classify
matching features
significant relative
often cause
last night
preconceived notions
encourages us
affix analysis
internal knowledge
little knowledge
incremental nature
response objects
edges needed
unresolved expression
length statistics
le roi
complete type
largest set
generalization across
local discriminator
michael lebowitz
ambiguity arise
lexical types
ilp model
advanced machine
coling acl
classical syntactic
1 showing
weak pronoun
structural learning
theoretical computer
combination rules
resulting algorithm
entries starting
good terms
significant association
1 ii
expansion words
certain range
query runs
one maximal
text tend
lexical weights
file formats
token identity
preliminary comparison
among knowledge
important achievement
produces summaries
interpretation function
set relation
nondeterministic lr
therefore lead
time processing
tagger lexicon
achieve p
selected items
type raised
mt engines
stress information
output clusters
normalized count
space event
strong trend
plural usage
phrase interrogative
phrases pi
new center
binomial models
two pattern
student discount
negative bias
us mention
location features
given step
moved constituent
sentence involving
current practices
please open
potential meaning
tipster tasks
shown ill
second describes
classes instead
common theme
high robustness
excellent introduction
allows constraints
parses unification
principles used
position following
source chain
structural restrictions
lab domain
negative form
human knowledge
discussion suggests
f1 slot
major league
types since
speaker believed
generalized winnow
coherent paragraph
focus value
repaired constituent
translation field
72 hours
diagram generation
flexible architecture
user commands
general forms
document type
central concepts
two synonyms
correlation scores
user request
applications include
annotated versions
sibling arcs
event templates
detective novels
two learners
complex search
entropy formulation
systems requiring
contains 2
see edmonds
fluent speakers
minimal probability
main motivations
chacune de
two goals
identification error
21 sentences
level reasoning
annotators sometimes
query generation
les travaux
whether systems
sahami et
makes minimal
nlachine translation
c0 denotes
final results
mouse pointer
mentioned briefly
plausible analyses
el l
2 figure
one intermediate
lee 1994
word incremental
reading time
occurring parallel
verb within
strategy models
county jail
right source
like event
complexities involved
interface software
conditions without
nonreflexive pronoun
time step
extensions allow
transliterated words
parse successfully
effective technique
applicability condition
source lexical
effort described
corpus sizes
av pairs
morphological variants
unique sense
standard literary
observed training
contains incorrect
straightforward since
assignment statements
x means
intended object
time later
occurrence model
vectors also
dial buttons
solving dialogs
work represents
driven approaches
constraint whose
en franqais
frequencies collected
based distributions
style used
important motivation
concrete frames
current image
language formalism
test collections
damper et
new instantiation
see hobbs
iterative clause
staff member
central aspects
services include
way allows
significant help
algorithm could
domain lexicons
core rules
slow speech
order systems
san juan
sentence results
semantical representation
simple dictionary
comprehension systems
resolution rate
map using
bill liked
standard forms
generic iteration
faster computers
semantic heuristics
sentence introduced
units represent
physically co
constitute one
active items
word include
phonotactic information
tool produces
unique standard
query formulation
systems enable
positive terms
article selection
syntactic expectations
discourse goal
strategy selection
direct chronological
several dimensions
benchmark task
incoming transitions
various purposes
n names
identifying named
tic features
main instance
initial performance
supervised k
present experiments
numerical expressions
validated accuracy
dependent method
clause reduction
like example
physics tutor
xi represents
null ii
normally occurs
appropriateness declarations
approach consistently
input kana
tv broadcasts
contains knowledge
scenario involves
van halteren
summarization algorithm
wikicomposers corpus
objects contained
feasible pair
several reasons
first problem
model represents
acl 2003
specified case
although tag
one frequent
biomedical named
linguistic studies
dictionary produced
maximum phrase
itai 1990
less need
spanish verb
performed clustering
technical corpora
mammography reports
conjunctive formulae
specific event
cell indicates
several nodes
semantic concordances
world language
projection onto
product rule
standard dependency
stochastic processes
many nl
better values
lower deck
pairwise lexical
trec collections
sent des
consequential type
sales class
speak within
examples provide
five readings
transmission errors
another network
context using
state term
1 let
probabilities may
corresponding experiment
output grammaticality
type w
program parses
work follows
appropriate patterns
tagger would
multiple choice
label u
new document
write programs
optimal balance
party meeting
inappropriate parses
gosse bouma
rule learner
generator could
atr method
production relation
tree topology
allows right
wc use
improved precision
process tends
new session
augmented form
view discourse
entity according
argument cluster
computational savings
worth studying
provides support
basic knowledge
80 sentences
synthetic speech
unsupervised version
progressive refinement
previous beliefs
000 pics
adjunct structure
murray et
properties make
correspondence model
smaller subsets
nouns could
xi e
explanation lists
initial tests
given size
tmr elements
techniques shown
target templates
perfect analysis
including error
referring acts
frequent string
textual structures
additional assumption
hobbs 1985b
intonational phenomena
certain terms
intersection queries
hanisch et
earlier results
article may
mappings across
another refinement
semantic analysis
strategy may
time necessary
last rule
senseval data
politeness strategies
training could
based surface
based extraction
distinct phrases
concrete object
chinese processing
often convey
normalizing factors
algorithm identifies
domain software
appropriate portion
stage two
specific example
japanese particles
novel domains
query window
automatic computation
new r
63 words
dialogues resemble
tile highest
topic transitions
base sample
wer anderen
almost parse
operational context
necessary morphological
model follows
paths leading
preterminal tags
low c
produces models
problem like
another expression
equal distribution
agglutinating languages
words showed
following phenomena
antecedent contained
father object
frequency c
summary unit
question paraphrases
criteria described
cell phone
new experiments
markedness hypothesis
specified argument
syllable root
nous raisons
relative merits
partial anaphora
small knowledge
close attachment
large majority
specific duration
turn manager
detection procedures
additive type
hereafter called
length features
speech frames
structure encoding
wird er
partial success
hearer makes
multilingual human
goals provide
phonetic inventory
attack strategy
resolve bridging
derived constraints
answer appears
two chains
calls check
la grande
partial vp
relational links
publish tree
power function
poor results
random forest
linear program
service agents
natural disaster
larger non
effectively model
row j
charniak 1996
25 texts
samples per
character positions
cooccurrence statistics
abeille et
every unit
probabilities sum
concept generalized
two phoneme
access tools
covering constraint
interface control
10 random
splitting positions
zelenko et
virgin islands
essentially involves
performance indicator
salient unit
class denoted
graph algorithms
thank j
first disjunct
focus set
vectors produced
guided parsing
systemic grammar
fill level
every farmer
augmented trees
initial estimate
noun reference
producing n
relative address
based theory
without context
red tape
optimistic assumption
game summaries
state science
uses rule
database field
perl programs
benefit b
symbolic system
user interactions
max p
common superordinate
john h
n units
4 produces
web browsers
line compilation
bigram distribution
graph node
labelled graphs
common verb
make references
dialogue transition
null let
syntactic arguments
sample analysis
automatically discovers
inference stage
state must
x value
systematic comparison
distributions across
phonetic character
operational modes
forms associated
entire generation
useless features
polysynthetic languages
statistical profile
splitting criterion
reference term
feature 5
tile position
birthday party
statistical procedures
following methods
two context
speech classes
word errors
tense agreement
additional facts
language grammars
segmentation inconsistency
sagae et
explicit goal
ordered search
volume des
given distance
anaphors must
transitions represent
tile output
pc 3
dialogue 3
8 e
special stress
search looks
time within
parameter value
planning activity
higher level
normal chart
7 commandments
information taken
usual text
interface allowing
black circles
five orders
see sec
control board
cut verbs
parsers employ
edge counts
de pens
hoc retrieval
weighted transduction
candidate within
semantic drift
three degrees
evaluators may
internal operation
output symbols
comparative predication
almost none
new database
previous accounts
back channel
arguments become
neutral prosodic
sensitive methods
sentences greater
constructive version
based head
system participating
hearst 1991
first convert
directional interpretation
tile partial
basic template
h one
rewriting strings
section iv
longest word
base clauses
classification requires
variable terms
writing evaluation
similarity evaluation
gpl compiler
set selection
part used
huge space
volume 19
lists used
verbal generator
produce grammars
lp formalism
0 minutes
strongly affects
e definitions
bilingual text
pairs based
sub relationship
discourse topic
translation performance
types found
first comma
speech frame
ebmt system
horizontal level
content consists
unification mechanism
packed parse
rooted path
special hardware
many cities
preceding unit
c could
properties related
organic style
cousin relations
networks shown
counterfactual conditionals
contains four
action concepts
english rule
speaker performance
humans performing
sequential finite
see fodor
discourse parse
next goal
speech filtering
familiar problem
agreement study
nlg modules
primary translation
user information
incoming utterance
links connect
appropriate concepts
pcfgs induced
project carried
000 trials
control variables
surface string
highest importance
examine every
containing verbs
corresponding bigram
pourpre metric
expression appearing
called support
scoring parse
systems output
state automaton
event coreference
automatic rhetorical
things simple
overall score
une langue
suggest discourse
several text
certain issues
ulrike schwall
global ordering
drt language
domain feature
expected contents
sccs generated
observed sequence
surface alphabet
air accident
test english
pipeline using
proposed corpus
teaching materials
time devoted
probabilistic ordering
million terms
high polysemy
set labels
smaller clusters
field methods
affect word
communicator dialogue
constrain lexical
one deep
q may
trees rather
examples using
plan stack
word beyond
square roots
model sets
combined systems
set flag
new parallel
particular method
exchange initial
recent input
results comparing
combines aspects
opposing sentence
system include
describe relationships
boolean vectors
work described
saw mary
special situation
multiple underlying
proposed approach
smallest units
numerical random
extended node
preceding segment
generic expressions
unrestricted text
uh huh
insufficient coverage
parsing order
efficiency reasons
notes data
sur une
poetic system
intrinsic ambiguity
oriented understanding
key parts
hand picked
df a4
always starts
plan ranker
set may
previous da
chemical compounds
x implies
neuter pronoun
estival et
three phrases
different trigger
level user
following equivalence
query box
optimal level
extended lr
des classes
formant frequencies
discourse clauses
6 percentage
wrong parsing
telephone lines
reference must
carry little
simple nature
rules make
contextual dependencies
test scores
anchored brand
artificial corpora
alternate focus
relatedness criterion
parser see
chinatsu aone
particular learning
closure topology
capture language
successive words
hierarchical knowledge
conjoined structure
absolute discounting
sentential operators
applications built
ce moment
production models
word fi
aspectual properties
ween l
l steps
executive officer
obtained similarity
dependency level
2 surveys
nist assessors
ibm speech
parsing involves
different kernels
mandatory arguments
similarity value
forecast texts
introducing word
unique subset
document according
term extractor
rate vs
tokens outside
system overall
system understands
edited constituents
generation technique
model described
entity profile
experiments comparing
character given
start productions
given ne
repair station
models via
type attributes
list one
requires hand
simpler grammar
final periods
summaries per
higher thresholds
thus serves
transition times
2005 test
another query
pal system
one mt
results described
focus words
senseval competitions
question comes
whole dataset
stent et
providing examples
pattern similarity
broad topics
focus tracking
noun pl
similar devices
withi n
concept containing
b type
instantiated signs
phonetic detail
r u
general audience
articles whose
back left
grammar 1
formal tests
distinct source
unannotated text
register contents
extract translation
formal reasoning
alternative proposals
provide access
subjective measures
mohri transducers
speech transcription
pascal network
question category
extraction rules
generate accurate
correlates better
sentences cited
permissible hyphen
supports barge
additional factors
binary string
wrapping tree
strong independence
grained meaning
one requirement
binding status
comparative forms
great amount
much redundancy
language samples
shallow knowledge
syntactic modification
observe real
critical difference
b since
communications subcommittee
terminology introduced
17 cases
actually produces
qa framework
means sufficient
becomes increasingly
source element
last non
low costs
target coreference
political process
basic operation
ney dp
9 see
sure alignments
research tools
another error
protein molecule
main news
category graph
n phrase
different parts
informative texts
aro grant
minor phrases
following topics
equivalent information
output documentation
pas pu
lexicographical ordering
avec l
differs radically
sentence nodes
experiments described
posterior lattice
better decision
categories using
qtarget node
apple computers
every boyi
given length
detailed pos
inference relations
domain sublanguage
parameter set
segmentation produced
predicate c
head nominal
situation calculus
system provides
military helicopters
performance trade
four outside
bagged decision
pcfgs estimated
role nominal
original morphological
database fields
four choices
previous documents
relation priming
unique utterance
recursive embedding
sentence splitting
spanning trees
explicit topic
pragmatic characteristics
unseen wsj
using application
better account
military equipment
mutual influence
ambiguous pronoun
order permutation
resolve ambiguity
recent np
grammar derives
log data
mutative segment
frame time
equivalent alternatives
overfitting effect
temporal signal
spl specifications
become relevant
gapping grammars
ucg grammar
system dependence
sing gen
explicit parse
many paths
constrained subset
correspond ing
carla huls
single instance
word morpheme
expansion approaches
using trigram
predicates mentioned
initial user
image emacs
flat distribution
space character
structure component
much knowledge
e np
concept cannot
letter sequence
subsequent occurrence
important principle
matching entry
primary boundary
word back
many waters
sun os
sentence la
analysis produced
yu et
parser makes
birth date
equipment names
c control
collocated words
plan according
integrate heterogeneous
algonquian languages
article alignments
parser starts
phrase matching
darpa 1000
independent random
local memory
additional cases
sense usually
linear complexity
multiple test
different phone
spanish systems
give users
sub relation
obtains results
one present
appositive adnoun
ii rules
logical connection
passbook account
example concerns
characters rather
moderate amounts
fails due
2 demonstrates
segment starts
within ai
swp set
computer printout
message contents
mounted microphones
superlative adjectives
language components
models given
subsumption test
certain term
phrasal coordination
japanese sentence
500 word
identifying key
automatic pos
second threshold
trading case
uses non
work currently
particular phonological
control techniques
digital libraries
named mary
rst describe
techniques improve
words paradigm
200 words
subsection 6
system errors
grammatical construction
rapid creation
intentions cannot
spoken language
mesh category
selection would
next topic
relations share
list using
also denote
pour des
alleviate data
fifth feature
representative text
text items
lui le
prototype dialog
current problem
like character
markov crfs
apprentice may
minimum value
whose co
concepts using
models implemented
tree tprime
ontological language
xml representation
desired entry
g clauses
rules related
linguistic insights
makes mistakes
recursive nesting
next parse
fragment described
rule attempts
enquiry desk
l smoothing
knowledge thus
four subjects
data services
generated hypothesis
resnik 1995
clause grammar
informal description
cation performance
message classification
finite construction
problem anymore
brill et
le graphe
numerous discussions
terminology resources
world record
based adaptation
like operators
interaction style
single explanation
image schemas
exchange case
1 f
grammar plays
loaded hay
parse using
structure identified
grained tag
different referential
lvcsr systems
using tdl
model framework
ignoring function
weighting functions
model currently
p positive
answer contains
becomes somewhat
prosodic label
right recursion
existing dictionary
resulting formalism
merging rules
parser might
existing tree
ambiguity might
1 definition
properties appear
domain intersection
tool used
pervasive phenomenon
1989 test
a57 a31
nodes containing
communicative competence
main concept
latter represents
associated restrictions
query application
granularity levels
e tags
cannot ignore
geographic location
berstel 1979
empty v
typical question
single location
incomplete conjunctive
entity expressions
data preprocessing
typed dependency
salient enough
representation developed
one passes
since arcs
hierarchy without
linguistic means
current coverage
unification routine
chomsky 1965
telephone service
engineers examination
strong reasons
phone labels
tree diagrams
categorization frames
calculating scores
use form
probabilistic lexicon
predicate allows
different collection
interactions produced
adaptation test
quadruplet model
contain far
total reduction
contain ambiguities
values make
acoustic manifestation
unconstrained vocabulary
process words
yamada et
english non
pleased mary
total correct
two rough
strategy choices
target derivation
generalized patterns
specific character
5 application
salience reduction
isomorphic dependency
real constraints
syntactic templates
montague grammars
semantic markers
term phrase
4 proc
computation becomes
edges incident
noise estimates
previous structure
perform research
compression factor
high usage
tree grammar
beneficial effects
oracle translations
strong connection
input formula
reading assistance
token range
xinhua portion
thank scott
comma constraint
explicit references
reasonable guesses
evokes operator
table format
one innovation
inferential links
higher translation
proposition r
automatic means
editor may
sentences sl
execution method
tag could
modern computational
conversation frame
different presentation
derivation corresponds
three source
empirical domain
obtained hpsg
de grammaire
mi scores
information society
saw john
experiment conducted
response types
distinct sentences
find support
similar size
frames define
language analysis
nodes cannot
higher maximum
annotated entities
critical components
questioned proposition
suffix allomorphs
taxonomy used
hypothesis word
conversational intelligence
important cue
mary ellen
fold jackknifing
often describes
ap null
dialogue c
conceptual links
make inferences
generating test
subcategorization structure
various devices
laufen sah
normal use
whole trees
algorithm output
pair associated
hub ring
recursive part
document profile
mobile robot
baseline run
scores ranged
relation label
mean pitch
axiom theory
syn cat
several efforts
called slot
horizontal lines
understanding group
literal counterparts
kraus 1993
le 4
hard question
level alone
cultural aspects
detailed evaluation
kernel concepts
chart using
entails another
algorithm efficiently
prosody rules
time lower
keep tabs
technology becomes
link structures
variable assignments
improve document
tectogrammatical tree
technique presented
writing system
kt system
similarity system
possible implications
ate olives
module 2
word constructs
null basically
figure 2
3 include
following benefits
various processing
ontoscore system
respectable performance
overlap relations
superficial processing
intuitive motivation
bilingual data
system environment
dam file
biggest source
strong clue
filter items
use trees
lead q
sentence text
thresholding techniques
rules introducing
coordinated constituent
equivalent position
negative state
graph g
transformational approach
example topic
improved bleu
label clause
negative side
pp adjunction
null definition
short paths
certain regularities
arabic orthography
order honorific
ontology development
sequential rule
phonological data
pattern consisting
interface defines
aid morocco
priori knowledge
corresponding trace
valid interpretation
strategy gives
two constituent
visual context
lexical representation
called action
example parse
transitive verbs
six hours
dutch translations
implicit constraint
queries correctly
used verbs
tuple containing
procedural logic
treebank section
frequency estimation
exploiting generic
probabilistic finite
refer using
maxent classifier
count vector
terms based
ldoce dictionary
experimental tests
shows typical
indicative abstracts
categorization frame
dynamic word
yellow node
a23 a24
several data
system built
distinct predicates
allow efficient
ordering phase
limited computing
recall r
generator output
intellectual activity
neighbor cluster
empty node
baseline without
bank could
features providing
values either
similar idea
special verb
processes necessary
features covering
automatic evaluation
goldsmith unsupervised
note 4
train schedules
frame basis
ordered triples
fourth level
mandarin broadcast
translation 1
systematic terminology
performance task
high results
recall experiments
appropriate noun
new probabilities
capitalisation information
comparable level
optimal translation
b reference
current features
latter definition
arbitrary element
9 corpus
system connected
e marked
use nlp
boolean search
positive word
minimum set
field could
italian lexicon
technique requires
based filters
words wide
attached pps
000 alignments
match heuristic
inherit model
und jung
start state
several combinations
references therein
ich denke
strategy agent
aggregation operators
rank higher
every cat
tale game
p p
extended case
optional complement
first paragraph
either spoken
parser proper
argument type
noise vector
temporal readings
linking principle
pragmatic effect
several days
test partitions
prenominal modifiers
third paper
month tests
category appearing
dependency path
definitions alone
light package
substitution nodes
algorithms still
propositional part
arguments whose
take turns
clause attachment
resulting grammars
tables 4
information part
likelihood procedure
texts based
approach falls
alternative annotations
gram lms
led astray
advanced computer
meaning language
successive levels
ontological relation
1 prediction
stimuli consisted
transition structure
match retrieval
require linguistic
system back
copyright 1982
postpositional phrases
values related
direct modeling
2 iterations
global linguistic
base constraints
simulation environment
however show
uns des
specialized corpora
sutton et
makes use
model training
evaluating discourse
br example
monadic macro
forward selection
constraints directly
programming tutor
metrics shown
south america
id numbers
meaning relationship
main arguments
mapping knowledge
relevant languages
science department
expression search
correct text
accuracy rises
system goes
routing test
dominant role
directed control
particulier de
housing prices
pattern variables
study extends
concept part
protein biosynthesis
certain texts
known point
efficiently calculate
epsilon rule
agent 2
entire application
qu et
semantics consists
backend system
rule list
aux np
adjacent vowels
partial surface
de savoir
table tags
mode de
function code
latin word
rules appear
phrases learned
input modality
unannotated data
sm cycles
qualitative relation
bound variables
creative work
dataset using
named john
central module
membre de
storage requirement
collaborative nature
summaries produced
verbs selected
nps using
agent says
feminine pronouns
static grammars
efficient word
homophone error
focus operator
upset willie
combine together
sri language
deep grammatical
inseparable unit
intonational feature
overall argument
suffix lists
yield highly
algorithmic base
different coding
becomes less
considerable flexibility
temporal links
modifier node
ambiguity issues
hearer must
processes within
relevant interpretation
dimensional euclidean
kane 1983
different modules
simultaneous translation
dependencies extracted
monolingual corpora
simulations using
first entry
correction algorithms
general processing
transformation templates
large systems
substantive content
wrong tags
automatically determines
significant prosodic
scaled lattice
search operation
process unrestricted
category vectors
occurrence distribution
long paths
modelling discourse
expected outcome
quantified wff
three component
disambiguation result
9 th
scienza che
outside parse
derived forms
following examples
accurate information
pruning parameters
demonstrative noun
descriptor sequences
three sentences
3 errors
oriented domains
resources developed
rankings based
without information
single news
discourse constraints
network shows
existing tag
errors included
longer forms
single classifiers
class description
verb occurring
umls specialist
thus f
line production
current wd
several queries
book reading
also suffers
analysis required
also serves
identifying boundaries
three students
anaphoric link
integrating nlg
concept taxonomy
ranking system
ssr rule
generated topic
document grain
subsidiary relationship
discriminating labels
partial theory
improved speaker
minimization approach
property 1
sf nlp
verb saw
case label
major flaw
de cet
constituent nouns
various size
two information
containing np
lower likelihood
measure developed
generated parse
sadek et
word graphs
dictionary phoneme
completion rules
kaji et
configuration problem
additional terms
phrase structure
extracted results
annotation group
following fp
vers une
selection rule
good example
novel terms
initial connections
generation facilities
7 e
tree instead
input observation
lexicalized tags
one determiner
modeling purposes
potential attachments
text since
case fl
two consequences
wordnet structure
based reasoner
certain drawbacks
ace corpus
feature graph
semidirectional lambek
low level
cd structure
capitalized form
approach eliminates
dialogue turn
phonetic characters
parses consistent
structures marked
domination descriptions
application oriented
two alternatives
corpora according
abbreviated expressions
good model
new scenarios
exact structure
every hole
weights corresponding
pronoun reference
structured set
known text
structured outputs
construction algorithm
relation accepted
defined function
hardware architecture
algorithms derived
describe interactions
two buttons
form candidates
one benefit
specific scheme
approximation algorithm
order independence
representative data
terms referring
generating multiple
mccann made
e slot
real sense
engine results
phrase polarity
potential terminal
final utterances
nf parse
possible orderings
f speech
feature parameters
opinion expressions
typical collocates
towards recall
produce shorter
unification morphology
nonterminal c
via dialogue
theory refinement
express generalisations
ii annotation
way l
previous response
problem exists
right edge
take notes
one expectation
previous chapter
case postpositions
graphical tree
null ner
distributional evidence
stylistic variations
generative component
finite transducers
elm street
dialogue costs
builds planes
vector quantization
spelling corrector
computational consequences
a27 a0
batch qa
understanding metaphors
example 25
sentence belongs
implemented parsers
defeasible modus
es el
important inference
preferred stock
knowledge regarding
possible methods
ambiguity based
carberry modeling
also checks
element labelled
database 1
ongoing work
make sense
style speech
lines connecting
filler states
count measures
rewriting system
relative adnoun
many past
content bow
trouble understanding
starts parsing
online database
system constructs
transitivity type
variable word
11 shows
build representations
candidate tag
197 articles
iguous word
reading cannot
incremental interpretation
index using
congruence classes
e action
phrasal tones
c x
designers need
dis uencies
object denoted
major methodological
extract values
discuss ways
training patterns
another distinction
read system
peut se
sentence utterances
final language
unlabeled documents
new stories
initial classification
similar length
test comparing
abstract representations
maximal weight
pairs similar
parser implements
initial letters
detailed set
prespeci ed
preliminary attempt
node number
japanese thesaurus
language experience
informative subsumer
adjunction rule
templates associated
binary classi
hardest problem
speech lexicon
single concept
sometimes leads
test sets
dependency list
binary number
model predicts
tree formed
ruimy et
semantic processors
crucial observation
grained parsing
pronoun sie
intention behind
association types
hypotheses based
method shows
rules indicate
world w
three sites
ranking words
alignment candidate
pattern types
classification information
meaning relation
define relations
candidate among
parseval evaluation
manual intervention
perceptual context
nl understanding
full justice
larger sub
positive example
various distance
units related
number 0
frequencies obtained
oil pressure
different word
subword modeling
faulty reasoning
scoping problem
conversational system
intuition behind
system indeed
original data
first conducts
longest suffix
automatic segmenting
au premier
treebank conversion
information centers
occurring senses
v3 code
coded texts
type specific
act cycle
list classifier
items included
summary containing
line 8
idea underlying
grammatical codes
straightforward fashion
structure pairs
extract three
lexicons using
manual translations
predicative verbs
dependent test
specific advice
orange square
negative votes
concerted effort
rules allowing
program also
sentences lacking
de ces
domain chosen
compositionality criterion
korean dictionary
nn compounds
naur form
state propositions
tabular display
local maxima
rejected word
high certainty
clustered instances
linguistic servers
logical language
exical rules
explicit constraints
last run
understanding performance
test described
model parses
rich model
lower values
models incorporate
enables incremental
successful experiments
represent significant
message content
segmentation pattern
greatest weight
written summaries
important findings
equation 11
keep track
recursive form
galliers 1996
values appear
process either
translation tools
ground atoms
chosen antecedent
time instant
handle sentences
indicator value
something missing
august 2003
filter since
robust partial
actual outputs
describe work
frequency thresholds
work equally
nal model
hostile environment
related meaning
logical relationship
already contain
speech properties
variables always
order functor
explicit inferences
information analysts
inner weights
20 sentences
proper choice
word bigrams
detailed system
one sentence
returned list
components work
chain whose
ambiguous position
demonstration session
inhibited region
basic incremental
target fragments
keller et
rates per
pp np
semiotic programme
depends partly
contain details
total grammar
sentence sk
negative conditions
binomial hypothesis
nyberg et
accessibility hierarchy
revised sentence
putative topic
sentence typed
20 students
one setting
standard b
svms based
ambiguous output
tensed clause
ce n
based style
data sparseness
structures proposed
efl expressions
ie architecture
particular situation
lexical matches
john running
syntactic derivation
poisson process
pinyin error
incrementally construct
select candidates
shows mean
bao gao
text data
object tagging
distance movement
reference source
q n
empire state
du texte
new articles
present time
current parsers
potential ambiguities
order nodes
asr word
systematic improvement
base sense
cut rules
audio corpus
global rule
tile literature
learning techniques
user modelling
null lowing
second input
close matches
reichman 1981
representation provided
average link
german dictionary
nil strings
n term
chunk parses
technique could
level notation
score differently
24 months
word parser
input allows
th bunsetsu
often share
stephanie seneff
determiner reading
text condensates
token based
main conclusion
assign types
language one
large weight
al 1984
matching trains
translator would
set n
gene encoding
identity rule
experiments clearly
4 depicts
event map
incorporated information
confidence rating
set improved
least ten
4 em
n desu
guide development
given srh
tree tokenizer
sentence numbers
aggregate functions
actual representation
6 feature
lemmatized version
automatic system
key event
6 examples
soviet president
significant variation
markers used
theoretical foundation
original reference
la branche
increase significantly
perfect aspect
conveying information
linguistic options
six score
morphotactic rule
make generalizations
general idea
average agreement
log linear
full sentence
recursive categories
learning unit
cues used
scores provide
chunk sequence
one depending
evaluation technique
task could
rules implement
semantic aspect
final signature
focused object
wp data
hammer broke
maximum width
joint classifier
pairwise similarity
consider problems
inference must
correct relationship
one aim
dpl programs
equal probabilities
material used
distance measures
poor language
paper articles
judges would
story 2
item called
inverted structure
6 indicate
performance statistics
containing rules
tense taxonomy
usual semantic
potential interpretation
mdl algorithm
domain concepts
guthrie et
multiple search
communication failure
net approach
trigram frequencies
levin 93
land along
parsing algorithm
stacked classifier
parser must
propositional form
million entries
reaches 89
space characters
hoc validation
3in order
primary object
smallest meaningful
tim second
lexical materials
performed post
approach feasible
les limites
possible topics
weekly articles
using internet
adjoining derivation
external memory
measures outperform
lists contain
specific element
rhode island
summarization components
segment must
temporal perspective
linguistic study
creative partnership
whose core
resulting analysis
analyzed words
increase parsing
distinct pairs
higher values
topological tree
motivated intentions
strong relationship
un groupe
distortion score
develop algorithms
particular parameters
construct better
metrics improve
information flow
phoneme mapping
total relevant
focused node
category systems
combinations may
answers without
first methods
full learning
new time
embedding constituent
bilingual semantic
lexicon feq
predicate contains
head np
low dimensionality
manager system
reference human
term based
correct data
vector measure
quantifier expressions
singleton set
disambiguation results
lexical dependencies
structural skeleton
examples show
user behaviour
recognition involves
professional translation
new speech
fragment parses
simple algorithm
consistent definition
outperforms k
coverage increases
similarity levels
based distance
background domain
one auxiliary
two x
serious efforts
goto et
several settings
sentences included
4 corpora
moderate frequency
single arguments
text found
conseil du
analysis presented
universal ontology
verbal projections
distinct predicate
processing architectures
like characters
current paragraph
larger applications
common stock
bigram probabilities
training dialogues
second ellipsis
word a12
predicate level
potential function
usual disclaimers
x onto
optimization problems
marker corresponding
see f
validation text
computes every
greater focus
various length
cis 591
different event
situational script
cascade model
generic structures
becomes equivalent
feature appearing
fonctions lexicales
government representatives
lexical disambiguation
form directly
subject equi
agreement problems
indexing may
khadivi et
generally correspond
growing process
systems ask
semantic classifier
tape symbols
word weighting
last condition
one lexeme
contain values
see definition
tolerant finite
cascaded approach
class numbers
target matching
second np
features specific
johnston 1998a
answer file
knowledge bottleneck
microplanning techniques
four syllables
local minimality
call attention
see atkins
yield values
coherence score
boosting classifier
whole corpus
scale task
problem whether
represent actual
tag output
translating machine
extract various
class whose
sentence relation
scope constraint
relevant details
runs along
dictionary learned
serious data
interlinear text
subject variability
minimal sense
new segment
empirical nlp
include interpretation
synonym class
general law
les valeurs
international section
free structures
form onto
voice features
construct large
probabilistic paradigm
units including
correctly analyzes
whole approach
example article
metagoal k2
quanti ed
intelligent network
following output
partitioning problem
good survey
important effects
last sub
entropy distributions
experimental sessions
synset node
natural pauses
sentences failed
logical relation
40 iterations
graph centered
analysis requires
western languages
concept categories
overwhelming majority
thank jean
theoretic properties
tags available
algorithm searches
n de
folsum men
sim lin
head tags
target area
adequately account
plsa models
phrasal indexing
infinite lexicon
phoneme rules
event spaces
low translation
comparative processing
final summaries
adjacent discourse
step takes
role tags
approach solves
assign pos
class library
considerable value
action specification
final paper
control mechanism
ein parser
second predictor
pure language
05 level
cause features
act misunderstandings
see jensen
current entry
consistent sets
reduction sets
six states
parsing ambiguities
graphical interfaces
expression involving
existing parsing
biased adjectives
including f
allowing simple
location suffixes
functional morpheme
data respectively
dialogue shown
mckeown 1998
dependency values
cette relation
aspectual distinctions
representation 2
feature vectors
dependent clause
parameters affect
preliminary testing
unconditional conjuncts
enumerated list
respective sets
ideas related
finding procedure
sc value
par rapport
end positions
tag x
coreferential np
usual linear
four topic
known data
include function
one get
wa hana
existing hypotheses
knuth 1975
satisfaction model
word counting
domain hierarchy
database without
predicates used
quantitative methods
categories show
certain question
using surface
using extraction
men aged
comic chat
conceptual knowledge
whitespace characters
sense given
classical sense
pronominal nps
last ten
sentence summaries
operations supported
ga arimasu
maintenance instructions
words without
single q
intersected ibm
running systems
fractional substrings
element 1
extraction heuristics
one answer
pp rules
usual kind
verb definitions
construction phase
several sections
effective procedures
ms word
grammars often
hundred word
des saarlandes
profiles become
data path
system inputs
insufficient space
algorithm introduces
component using
based ne
algorithm replaces
hits algorithm
involves classifying
method detects
design document
parsing attempts
hit list
z 1
maximal block
adjunct daughter
small errors
a19 a20
simple languages
see footnote
nucleotide sequence
morphological markers
approach starts
associated parameters
following capabilities
use neural
software engineer
text generated
n1 n3
semantic equivalences
algorithm developed
node n2
defining cycles
level content
elvis presley
application potential
frame containing
precedes b
overall architecture
syntax control
temporal marker
value relations
wu 1995
necessary preconditions
adequate account
explicit sense
extended architecture
unnatural hypotheses
fung 1995
professional people
journal abstracts
association strength
contextual tagger
core generation
interaction among
local multicomponent
perfect performance
ambiguous representations
semantic mark
semantically coherent
corresponding brackets
low counts
several nouns
3 reviews
chunk task
pour obtenir
textref sequences
chinese verbs
frequency counts
several simple
possible suffixes
dialogue contains
discourse transitions
clearly indicates
corpus 3
detailed understanding
conditions c
marked relations
true alignment
performance features
ministry said
lincoln tied
larger research
one hour
holds predicate
event denoted
dictionary induction
within distance
red shirt
use th
performance also
second tool
greater flexibility
mappings could
three pairs
common resources
strong relation
simple interpretation
linguistic role
document summarisation
second period
meaning may
linguistic understanding
technological papers
last september
serbian corpus
discrete model
compatible word
rule classes
require non
additional modules
singleton words
terms similar
label 1st
design experiments
governing head
notorious ambiguity
ji qi
scientific domain
break prediction
new alternative
appropriate mappings
formula may
term referring
14 heures
dialogue level
baroni et
semantic pre
null section
relevant values
coreference type
grained algorithm
identify features
flmction words
performs several
generator developed
si x
candidate hypotheses
three paragraphs
euclidean geometry
parsing function
cluster terms
earlier paper
required components
jan daciuk
similar conclusions
theory comes
subtle difference
segment significance
proposed legislation
next sense
michael jackson
data displayed
value descriptors
topicalized sentences
arc discussed
previous events
english sub
isomorphism assumption
state vector
city government
dead end
annotators included
wide ranging
two svd
cooperative information
persons may
match patterns
ou element
semantic tests
murder mystery
representing non
task requiring
underspecified meaning
automatic role
several equivalent
discounting methods
typing behavior
tuned algorithm
performance across
automatic understanding
every part
dominant individual
tasks required
type changing
predefined threshold
scan transition
disfluent speech
behavior graph
name abbreviations
7m words
piper aircraft
german vocabulary
topic within
equivalent readings
also sets
surface template
utterance indicates
salient part
soba shop
using head
unsupported features
fill score
lexicalized formalism
simple function
system suitable
actual role
sophisticated application
strings given
structure treebank
base forms
timex tags
produced results
waiting list
usual fashion
chapter one
particular incident
understand rules
les chiens
voices product
nugget pyramids
project staff
con straint
structures representing
clause containing
particular verb
tense form
utterance parts
annotations also
minor alterations
rules defines
verb balancing
reduces ambiguity
assign unique
plot shows
indicator words
derivations producing
boys went
another subclass
connection depends
scheme allows
e xa
method shares
john worked
difference seems
target documents
real theory
16 errors
initial content
line machine
john kiss
particular device
following patterns
unary constraints
corpora ranging
a55a60a59 a5
act classifier
connectionist network
integrated data
metamorphosis grammars
evaluation point
sharing method
components rather
stress peak
2000 words
pushed john
build links
nil value
soit par
systems start
discourse connective
page description
way simultaneous
decomposed questions
linguistic index
proportionality constant
true error
complex utterances
phenomena related
graceful recovery
event structure
operate according
language processors
temporal knowledge
phonetic contexts
different conceptual
something important
form conjunction
downward direction
european portuguese
corpus yielded
rhs nonterminals
possible heuristic
cognitive overload
system running
answering technologies
distance used
a5 a50a43a52
conventional implicatures
play important
practical advantage
new mention
steps involved
total link
scamp module
language group
million question
analogy might
stem endings
checking mechanism
phase training
lobe opacity
ordinary sense
500 compounds
matches sentences
sentence models
design used
invaluable resource
theories must
different scoring
entry head
following portion
error classification
feature bundles
formal notation
unique within
terminology acquisition
cat lbrt
theta criterion
current goals
final selection
complex scenario
nominalized noun
given definitions
combination using
variation events
une charge
neural net
one annotator
ranking approaches
verb np
type inst
mapping tables
output type
table representing
typical document
yield poor
nt tag
initial determiners
drop language
real head
stage takes
various groups
clause cannot
total agreement
complex language
pages retrieved
train separate
majority classes
manny rayner
preceding part
7 training
tree containing
modeling primitives
efficiency may
eaasy sabre
vector c
letter produced
constrains one
implementation point
syntactic fragments
predicted accent
better handling
better explain
little computation
french text
awe use
frequency file
root radicals
data service
extracting non
uno nlp
compositionality principle
early career
phrasal analysis
29 words
oard et
define term
great utility
reference vector
tense trees
relational adjective
value approach
grammatical resource
word occurrence
project focuses
helpful response
underspecified tag
collection shows
nucleus expresses
whose work
possible examples
sentence selection
solution along
forward functions
previous hidden
answer three
additional word
eight categories
main clause
semantic meanings
analytical functions
nominal constituents
transition events
novel word
let qa
one recognition
10 sentence
systematic testing
current space
parse every
programs used
specialized interface
fall ball
accuracy per
discourse parallelism
complementary similarity
sentence semantic
dagan et
complement arguments
en compte
binding restrictions
data suggest
seiner freundin
dictionary information
strings corresponding
essay answering
null h
rule tells
e exists
detection tasks
formats morphologiques
ir technology
frequent label
sound mapping
mckeown 1991
enter state
20 pairs
underlined part
alps system
translator aids
cloddy hans
produces parse
normal situations
pass applies
294 sentences
resource intensive
earlier models
exhaustive study
shows good
den jungen
sample estimate
internet services
verb 3336
measure 2
expertise models
question intonation
optimal score
loop approach
dependency object
efficiently represent
hesitation pauses
validation data
primary case
file change
patterns within
signs must
example shows
chat language
preparation time
reasonable measure
cases previously
discourse utterance
regular structure
parse depends
attributes 1
multilingual corpora
verbatim sentences
6 defines
verb tags
dictionary work
alternative translation
h believes
target structure
correct relative
smifro console
corpus evidence
bin ich
complete ds
class models
kehler et
better rule
court decisions
another definition
object description
subsequent examples
production cost
role slot
speech decoder
dependent ig
errors rather
alternative path
annotations produced
definition cannot
opening sentence
solution adopted
parameters may
interpretation would
varying numbers
result may
determining topic
sentence may
paper compares
knowledge need
rule pair
semantic adequacy
relations like
evaluate system
full recognition
correct association
1 task
extreme positions
two string
something one
development phase
larger databases
lal editor
source grammar
digital museum
constituents often
take actions
year ago
entire surface
perceptual information
call p
chart realization
inferences must
additiona l
add pos
certain morphemes
first hanzi
computing systems
value th
inflectional variations
block link
respect co
repairs using
text first
careful work
unisys spoken
reversibility properties
fulfilled prediction
japanese verb
one expansion
effect field
regularization method
whose precision
information makes
algorithm idl
proposals concerning
common reasons
complete structures
function makes
great time
original linear
become part
individual translation
square matrices
collection frequency
second slot
discourse oriented
correct selection
strong association
shorter topics
auxiliary programs
nominalized event
code similarity
good demonstration
denote strings
problem using
30 categories
composite memory
following concepts
bee n
hpsg principles
group meeting
world hypothesis
algorithm plus
nielsen co
trec 9
35 rules
anchor sets
statistics derived
relevance score
algorithm converges
information clustering
take sentential
topic length
functional reversibility
sequence fjrjl
barbara grosz
verb mapping
search errors
three claims
high language
record type
input contains
examples alone
nl problems
dialog goals
chief complaint
type constraints
template feature
sections 1
representational device
operations must
feature search
useful non
generation procedures
model maximizes
compound rule
management personnel
inner labeling
automated extraction
text sections
technical domain
verbal projection
user perspective
compact format
7 l
dimensional structure
existing algorithm
parse disagreement
either participant
relevance filtering
profit sharing
scratch every
previous selections
2 suggest
cluster based
local structures
term entries
represent phonological
grammar transition
explicit forms
data likelihood
consolidation component
separate level
reliably disambiguate
object constructions
connected graphs
trained translation
automaton used
small piece
belief system
3 parser
correct labels
state center
document structures
target descriptor
domain event
multiple results
baseline measure
missing accents
linguistic coherence
resultant vector
results per
study results
basic constructs
onde ficam
tile knowledge
parsable grammars
null whereas
major languages
binary operation
following aspects
language classifier
different character
structure according
onr grant
reliable approximation
corresponding domain
otherwise non
user misconceptions
construction grammars
july 2002
usually refers
cohesive links
later models
parsers need
gaining popularity
related papers
dan ren
grammar 3
semantical characteristic
polanyi et
input dag
failed parse
dictionary mary
answering technology
correct may
phenomena including
respective training
adjacent elements
different operators
name strings
module include
meanings depending
flat reordering
approach uses
argmax operation
complete sentential
triple translation
order acgs
use translations
j2e d3
syntactic accounts
jean voit
lal annotation
improve speech
fabrication technology
pattern representation
row 8
size chunks
user provided
feature development
hence might
derivation starting
sensitive aspects
theory morphisms
single proof
system considers
och 2003
unix operating
polarized formalism
knowledge rules
partial reduplication
formal content
gain values
complex relation
hand coding
developmental events
np subjects
spanish text
igen generator
bp matching
lithography object
many hours
observable properties
important technique
additional event
question addressed
user looks
short list
also keeps
la transformation
root accuracy
logic also
pattern mechanism
combinatory schemata
dialogue translation
reasoning may
figure 9b
response candidates
involves annotating
time speed
normalization strategies
starting node
structure match
memory overload
antecedent set
create links
tbl algorithm
misclassi ed
answer seems
cs rules
next summer
experiment two
flowers recognizing
log n
element classification
factoring alternation
first control
phonotactic knowledge
entities referenced
modeling within
pseudo comparable
phone 1989
summary form
high numbers
clustering step
information explicitly
word duty
formalism inspired
also addresses
cluster assignments
reducing ambiguities
performance gains
scope parallelism
set suggests
metathesaurus contains
quality alignment
e resolution
detailed review
government agencies
latter task
secondary interest
entity tasks
embedded clauses
string tokenization
chinese input
program goals
trees called
frequent adjective
paratactic relation
correction consists
representation encodes
span network
pass judgment
qlf approach
science program
likelihood parse
categories alone
dependency pair
cognitive strategies
general conclusions
structured domains
length cutoff
knowledge like
tm space
correction recall
firm miller
without appeal
adaptation results
one situation
best pos
resolved form
defense analyses
statistical efficiency
sampled examples
bleu metric
procedure builds
ru form
either add
additional example
retrieved material
conditional match
rejection rate
encoding scheme
plan structures
terminological network
occurrence probabilities
exploration level
situation becomes
psychological plausibility
verbs whose
major function
factors describing
remaining papers
draw inferences
equal basis
computers limited
multiple resources
simone said
2 details
world business
correct target
term model
gram order
tom take
interface module
cause considerable
million morphemes
falling tone
rc task
dotted string
timit database
basque lexical
falling tones
information approach
based tag
using roots
essential way
darpa meeting
time t2
nite xml
1 summarises
derivations whose
uses unification
next utterance
novel model
fitzpatrick algorithm
tipster icd
circular references
existing languages
parser trained
constructions whose
lexical tokens
system preprocesses
form phrase
extraposed element
section 00
zavrel et
dont les
partial distance
classical theory
repeat 3
verbal complement
access paths
charniak 2005
investors suffered
pl acc
0 matches
merck veterinary
ending march
mechanism thus
data values
interface agents
hierarchical planner
specific contexts
different p
initial chart
candidate tags
six months
sample sizes
primary lexicon
using key
two readings
presented paul
xo head
independent sentence
rule ordering
quality query
analysis available
every cfg
han et
research needs
process performs
upenn treebank
achieves significantly
models tend
simpler ones
lexical stage
name parser
language performance
a19 a26a16a20
research use
observed co
say operator
spurious information
reversible mt
considering tile
march 2005
pattern design
bnf grammar
pivot term
structural divergences
experiment interview
state r
topological parsing
term indices
linguistic domains
1 denotes
utn formalism
metaphorical use
occurrence violations
entries without
diacritical marks
names denoting
feature weight
program presented
controversial issue
application within
conflicting conditions
two substructures
identified relations
common text
previous discourse
values chosen
classes makes
corpus involves
500 characters
une phase
par comparaison
grammatical strings
true analogies
also conduct
many adverbs
functions return
grishman 1986
accommodation via
foreign country
relative gain
types assigned
anaphoric ones
voice recordings
procedures allow
output according
agent understands
source dictionaries
82 pairs
third strategy
time period
tree part
moot point
following illustrations
produce performance
switching fhmm
variables associated
incorrect information
linguistic discovery
high rise
optimistic model
across c
care providers
time mapping
high penalty
accurate acoustic
finite strings
evaluation efforts
unknown truth
use latent
membership values
matching capabilities
article reports
individual file
type determined
language tests
v p
3 represent
arbitrary grammar
visa card
motivated term
clustering process
de tests
labels rather
particular search
french data
search back
extent possible
processing point
grammar mistakes
spurious compound
substitution may
cost effective
parallel implementations
incorporate speech
automatic call
two links
discuss later
text causal
incorrect alternatives
one interval
une action
pico elements
location x
comparing algorithms
alignment criterion
level evidence
deterministic context
final alignments
segmentation information
single table
observed agreements
interim report
accomplishments include
powerful description
baseline refers
foreign text
recognition algorithm
front rounded
tipster systems
add value
table analysis
principles guide
castellan 1988
smaller machines
observed pattern
configurations may
indicate whether
focus parts
corresponding reduced
verb slot
j negationslash
rst pattern
parsing grammars
hobbs 1982
program requires
possible output
convey semantic
interlingual lexical
linear growth
varying extents
automatic discovery
terms ti
reading machine
main actors
communication technologies
xavier carreras
739 training
actions corresponding
constraints serve
mail addresses
tailed test
user says
phrase ellipsis
scheme shown
significant gain
normalization task
query key
combining simple
syntax patterns
calculation using
allow components
house 3
svms trained
contains strings
worth remembering
several functions
sufficient size
classes might
reference document
one deletion
dimensional extension
meal service
mise en
input l
trees f
elaboration schema
contain segments
uneven data
en traduction
primary reason
dynamic element
accuracy produced
multimodal integrator
wrong analysis
korean bilingual
bilingual n
sentence alignments
awm model
domain agents
one bar
semantics rather
processing continues
generic sentence
2 values
combined data
meaning agent
complete theories
result proposition
extraction using
interpretation rule
approach must
parts 1
descriptive device
weighted versions
suitable meaning
defined ontology
structured problems
different compounds
automata must
vectors x
dot position
higher argument
simple grammars
particularly promising
goal rules
left eye
data came
topic groups
interface specification
grained dialog
object whose
trec task
ordered relation
second conjugation
selection sub
thousand word
example utterance
activation spread
patterns specified
nodes near
length decreases
sen null
includes development
analyst interface
decision procedure
chunk features
posing questions
elaboration holds
research demonstrates
predictive component
cognitive task
selected wall
conditions shown
way yields
style guide
sixth message
computational literature
composite expressions
key characteristics
situation structures
de taln
syntactic analyzer
scoping phenomena
applications involve
folding process
human parser
7 describe
annotation tools
n propositions
sentence parsed
still uses
sentences 4
principal objective
oa constraint
resulting group
ranked action
two orders
hudson 1990
longer distance
best evaluation
diversity component
normalized structures
value must
optimal case
complex models
une ou
minipar trees
user knowledge
best option
symbol pairs
producing templates
quantified noun
similar definitions
entity already
formal machinery
vice president
newspaper le
computation needed
corpus annotations
user desires
accompanying words
translation 3
evidence concerning
e important
phonetic unit
immediate constituency
developed language
second columns
variance obtained
string subsequence
determine term
three subsections
single derivation
forms involving
graphs shown
multilingual speech
nominative object
task considerably
goal like
current spoken
word orderings
per entry
specialized vocabularies
semcat weight
eat arg2
nous appellerons
lexicon subset
big dictionary
groups provided
introduced constants
occur word
usage rather
matching patterns
new processes
raw method
possible split
interesting classes
machine processing
uses prolog
interlingua expression
guang hua
ext markers
two neighbouring
japanese systems
may share
successful speech
additional scoring
itspoke system
optimization based
white bird
cours du
unsupervised experiments
nodes dominating
method compared
trend exploration
format conversion
link end
hierarchy allows
statistical sentence
word stemming
document tasks
data frames
np constituents
angular range
linguistic problems
agreement based
manual comparison
frequent chinese
iterative acquisition
every stage
produced text
maximum height
knowledge editor
deal directly
separate lines
separate translation
scope alternation
delete rules
simpler form
french queries
position number
santa monica
meteo system
decision stumps
related salient
also predicts
structured abstracts
higher correlations
aggregating propositions
spend less
intuitive judgment
kathleen f
grammatical means
specific plan
binary scale
resolve references
uncertainty machinery
null taining
hole semantics
figure 6a
hub score
syntactic structure
1 extract
negative sentences
correct alignments
marker symbols
transformational component
sophisticated ways
edr dictionary
walk model
object configurations
estimation criteria
like variables
volume 6
syntactic tagging
significant influence
resource contains
large text
segment sentences
methods described
lexical relations
last formula
du sol
generating appropriate
find important
conversational maxims
l forms
combine simple
linear implication
segundo et
ql e
phonology may
beautiful day
previous statement
anaphoric form
push causal
cases two
model produced
answer occurrences
referential connections
conjoined elements
letter pattern
lexical replacement
ft long
standard tense
core dialogue
variant transduction
formalisms would
authoring tools
best value
focusing theory
long hours
core roles
weighted frequencies
examples belonging
every reading
sentence separators
airline information
pattern matches
extension consists
grammar c
effort required
a33 a36
unbounded set
linguistic units
stative interval
affixational morphology
links involved
noun instance
another parameter
transliterated word
low score
results produced
disambiguate correctly
improves upon
length x
telephone company
meaning n
emotion classi
also parses
build knowledge
links across
climbing procedure
frequency score
third goal
order relative
features determined
oral dialogue
tell discourse
make processing
trees described
alignment matrix
formula n
regular verbs
lexical clustering
achieves efficient
since user
sequence w
nodes corresponding
system responses
extracted summaries
issues would
combines distributional
reference used
tags attached
spatial dimensions
unification based
rules generate
suffix information
characters f
spanish data
given slot
representation correspond
another indicator
alternative values
relevant differences
context boundaries
ontology language
one valid
ann e
performance goals
sentence relates
states like
frequency filtering
claire gardent
dutch morphological
competing candidate
relevant segments
proposed nps
commonly taught
grammar needs
syntactic analyzers
ic classes
corresponding phonemes
love mary
clauses whose
complementary techniques
sentence subjects
discussed herein
sentential unit
special nodes
architectural work
experiment designed
9 sentences
include decision
le groupe
default lexical
main result
specific variables
katakana letters
slt systems
separate counts
directors paired
morphological alternations
provide word
kaplan 1989
whole phrases
requesting information
grammar use
paper cannot
everyday use
headline news
script used
two viterbi
possible patterns
event layers
word separation
approach leaves
move type
original name
definition 8
value true
daryl mccullough
established techniques
features along
popular chinese
dbg templates
two classi
contiguous portions
transfer problems
strong resemblance
semantic connections
sentence gives
logical subjects
tel guidelines
denoted f
tree distortion
property 3
many algorithms
generated utterance
first output
given action
next letter
management corpus
word equivalence
task dialogues
plural subjects
peter walks
summaries available
cases even
discrete distribution
one verb
primitive symbols
thus denotes
observed relationships
compute pr
geometric interpretation
latin characters
time slot
communicative skills
frame categories
bayesian probabilistic
constraints referring
correct choices
research works
24 years
control flow
shows accuracy
automatic abstracts
languages also
word either
frame trees
category nodes
section discusses
second pilot
satisfies p
leary hopes
time spent
success score
identical word
modifying phrase
partial tree
syn relations
resolution errors
g except
many inhabitants
arg maxy
adjective meaning
ml method
e cient
clause form
ppa data
irrelevant sentences
stockholm university
remove phrases
canis prototype
semantic contents
better exploitation
longer length
remain unanswered
sentence concatenations
refinement operators
function fn
tile construction
information searching
convincing case
comme r
promotion sets
paragraph pairs
engineering standards
conditional expressions
linguistic cases
previous conversation
whatever type
resulting classifier
structures provide
rather depends
identification task
celle des
000 article
whereas sentence
find one
proposed measures
name implies
switch occurs
categories belonging
processing since
tree pruning
sentence constitutes
features adopted
belief operator
rna secondary
languages involved
different priority
certain document
vector contains
veto house
text plans
languages across
differences due
specified query
relation means
feature results
irregular words
natural use
term recognizer
full verb
grammar allows
initial use
decomposition rules
present domain
2 classes
feature introduced
semantic classification
broad outline
sentence completion
occurrence time
sports section
fragment produced
great assistance
integrated fashion
sog representations
maxinmm entropy
image content
based parsing
various definitions
manner reminiscent
different nlg
rule would
economic way
unseen types
file structure
1 top
n ti
section 2
parser operating
previous sa
linear constraints
1 features
size becomes
penn wall
provision must
element content
clustered documents
ontology acquisition
function fk
parent categories
argument becomes
fixed order
workshop series
occurring ones
like grammar
diagonal k
yet others
line computer
11 b
always produces
previous interaction
darpa tides
lexicon maps
relation extracted
first split
formalism underlying
strong quantifier
local collocations
clausal comparatives
attribute number
marking potential
dowry 1979
case strings
requires reference
computational simulations
sur les
model fares
majority voting
upon standards
washington office
template indicates
cooperative behaviour
verb conjugation
group edges
utterance duration
actual cases
existing dialog
preliminary examination
polifroni et
tree form
engineering tools
swedish research
spanish queries
phonological variation
tout court
techniques would
sharing parameters
bayesian adaptation
inherited feature
simple decision
main area
corresponding lexeme
resolve anaphoric
finite value
phrase like
focus hierarchy
pictorial anaphor
simply corresponds
physical devices
language 1
fll v
e using
list notation
variant sets
lexical side
standard conventions
information must
np advp
reliable scores
attribute postconjelem
function must
source view
similar tags
speaker refers
two adjunctions
learning dependencies
science departments
straightforward explanation
intonational correlates
ideal choice
traditional problem
inner part
ref 1
concepts belonging
way case
ne alignment
integer indicating
verb representing
assigning pos
man kicked
name set
finding topic
shopping cart
best set
patterns among
java objects
edt task
best outputs
hence must
description framework
component integration
closed domain
edition distance
heuristic uses
like unit
xml version
inverted program
phrase referent
intelligent recommendation
john could
level writers
path set
separate file
precondition expressions
structures one
beth tableaux
symbols except
erent levels
complement clause
important thing
sont aussi
fuser concepts
npb nodes
sat value
sophisticated theory
strict n
meaning hypothesis
linking pairs
expected level
graph rather
dependent resources
module constructs
rabiner 1989
consider texts
using distance
predicate nominals
extracting sub
cluster model
rule stated
invited talk
pouliquen et
order linear
procedure 1
token ti
evaluation testing
linguistic phrase
margin perceptron
syntactic labelling
met task
phinneas flounder
horn clauses
alternative frames
bootstrapping process
three procedures
translation proposals
level annotations
learning part
grammar consistent
variant described
r stands
using punctuation
situations may
discourse processing
ale system
intension operator
significance vectors
p2p content
considerable overhead
outlier detection
third parse
causal rules
described algorithm
success states
clear intuition
compression ratios
restricted search
goal elements
specific techniques
become feasible
sentences relating
possible concepts
parameters n
uttered sentence
specific weights
sentence n
significant addition
specialized domain
transition net
new candidate
letter context
component depends
stative verb
thinking aloud
evening star
cluster similar
negative sentiment
phonological rewrite
trec questions
adjective order
cohesive knowledge
act performed
select proper
subjects b
performed experiments
different characters
distribution function
whose behaviour
computing resources
semantic affinity
fact believe
speech layer
resulting performance
stage rose
metal system
river thames
available analysis
different effect
ensemble technique
phrase complexity
determiner phrases
heterogeneous context
dialog control
individual wsd
design time
average pitch
important type
pattern morphology
tall young
null also
logical n
error measure
du verbe
contextual model
corresponding answer
word lexicons
arctic problem
a20 a0
greater percentage
name system
gazetteer entries
new participants
pages 37
complex procedure
airplane crash
video frames
previous annotation
7 concludes
naacl 2006
possible dialogues
event whose
db attribute
graph 4
embedding links
subjects process
subcategorization preferences
dci cd
additional lexical
suffixation rules
actual phrase
form based
text due
collective reading
water formed
optimal descriptions
correctly computes
probabilities q
performs better
search problem
initial font
weight given
binomial frequency
contain linguistic
word wk
detected repairs
chin 1984
parser produces
buckwalter lexicon
lifer system
scene identification
ch nccat
single mouse
final constituents
box techniques
using gradient
form meaningful
forest model
modest improvement
used svm
objects directly
unbound variables
morphological realization
adjective modifier
third clauses
sen tences
scores 1
memoized function
term ti
translation c
common queries
processing data
input actor
combined association
tagging algorithm
example occurs
vidal 1993
latter features
modified value
atomic category
answering program
2000 abstracts
exponential models
first portion
patterns occurring
determined threshold
latter also
work required
knott et
another sequence
numerical rating
vertical scale
whole source
acquisition corpus
direct role
representin g
generative procedures
common relation
complete method
different configuration
final belief
z k
specification consists
summary corpus
projection chain
increased data
null tial
measures proposed
significant modification
certain principles
shallow parser
explicitly model
people feel
additional detail
denote words
grammar appears
potential differences
content provided
rhetorical connection
state probabilities
weight matrix
dominate b
1000 documents
acquisition approach
zhong guo
metric combinations
value phrases
fourth argument
argument structures
known name
theories mentioned
shape primitives
translation needs
visual mode
buffer position
mechanical devices
activity performed
response units
50 people
one hand
sentence constituents
single span
erent approaches
many occurrences
translation use
prolog rule
translator ct
thank regina
successive word
langue cible
alternative frame
stochastic itg
correct generalization
headed arrow
ambiguous place
complete learning
system either
occurs inside
finding references
10 ft
modifier distinctions
learning morphology
capture basic
davidsonian approach
document sentence
model required
grammar works
marked phrases
dynamic objects
large data
hpsg grammar
clark kent
approaches lead
cdg parse
engine may
simple cosine
20 pages
cannot bc
word spoken
based answering
random path
yield satisfactory
new taxonomy
process hierarchy
either start
tree homomorphisms
theoretical advantages
document setting
distortion decoder
every approach
contains nearly
unit represents
dictionary developed
space instead
structural connection
actual range
existing grammars
evidence strength
time users
est repr
uninflected form
conditional random
backward direction
backwards direction
member relation
appositive clause
operational knowledge
finite set
many philosophers
dialogue frames
focus word
important improvement
semantic notation
intentional linguistic
experiences frigid
every side
notions like
stemmed forms
strong generalization
supervised wsd
new production
product specifications
without redundancy
uses c
summarization performance
order cepstral
straightforward method
test versions
individual score
also forces
stylistic parameter
among system
continuous semirings
individual algorithms
alternative account
physical process
word appear
comp 2
free recognition
initial evaluations
subsumes another
left left
air system
user expresses
variable beam
name words
names automatically
raskin 2004
objective measurement
general format
expert subclasses
paragraphs extraction
interesting differences
topical text
unification failures
blocks a0
two place
slower reading
a7 a30
3 percentage
lattice represents
type theory
documents within
person name
typical grammar
oriented model
individual node
stages take
first participant
paris tailoring
two incorrect
kind permission
requirement also
different qa
robert c
generation becomes
novel compounds
de celles
final hypothesis
summaries written
item 6
weight corresponding
software layer
standard input
aquaint corpus
like dictionaries
classes must
various tags
backoff language
lexical sensitivity
token distribution
identifying salient
many infrequent
bucket 1
speech condition
numerical parameters
system picked
clausal subjects
stp algorithms
french fries
unlexicalized parser
opinion sentence
ejv 0592
target misconcept
mt technologies
columns list
transcribed utterances
accurate knowledge
systematic examination
get adjoined
ltag practices
grammatical system
layer index
based planning
hierarchy shown
hidden understanding
agr values
resolve prepositional
semantic importance
implicatures may
dialogue seems
aggregation lattice
french nouns
running text
configuration control
every proper
thus features
ten features
phoneme hmms
naming convention
passages may
seed sets
formal nature
assumption 5
phrases provided
beam size
microsoft research
grover cleveland
storage device
decision strategy
tax form
interactive planning
candidate pool
last comment
list item
vp e
rules transform
large projects
jjv core
initial preprocessing
resolution decisions
exact procedure
two knowledge
pragmatic representation
genre label
next processing
human writer
sets whose
new ones
matrix x
type head
imitation binding
called qualia
negra treebank
frequency greater
string manipulation
build tile
relations comprising
verbs w
1 lists
2 f0
manner relations
nach dem
tokens long
verb exists
antecedent preference
dialogue object
reference corpora
make best
methods offer
time continuous
preceding state
25 articles
negative pairs
model co
help understand
female separation
current position
dimensional optimization
relations interact
framenet dataset
utility theory
contextual question
subordinate phrases
linguistic terms
question 6
specific dictionaries
multiple utterances
general np
x de
language tools
resources include
see equation
less coherent
su segmentation
move quickly
humans must
phrase elements
disambiguation models
gram algorithm
rule rule
failure point
times newspaper
word overlap
variable assignment
absolute number
elided sentence
phrasal cohesion
current output
constraints determine
interfax news
result strongly
maximum weighted
term distribution
john wiped
disambiguating terms
minimal size
runs submitted
lrc mt
glottal stops
represent verb
computational knowledge
step runs
expressions described
nous montrons
zhou 1997
z 3
supervised algorithms
french equivalent
expert finder
menu shows
lexical votes
usage variations
units linked
among words
mechanism proposes
prosodic system
naval domain
q q
voicemail messages
whose category
ulrich heid
personal preference
discourse within
assigned codes
lexical term
hierarchy contains
incremental finite
negative predicate
context dictionary
stop lists
based modifications
griff er
context tree
semantic closeness
teacher theme
relational graphs
linear governor
next step
feature nodes
requires expertise
corresponding positions
relation set
simple formal
daude et
design guidelines
four instances
retrieval evaluations
lexical semanticists
utilise un
control relations
type shifted
stallard 1989
test yields
rules added
whole sentences
mr green
antonio sanfilippo
words c
learning methodologies
boundary recognition
performance could
set q
dymetman et
new discoveries
multiple language
perform another
case value
correction precision
forward way
detected oov
population must
program information
rough indication
study language
linguistic fact
process terminates
cuisine constraint
best reranking
normalized expectation
msr training
utterances would
several motivations
word feature
kinship terms
extensive hand
law could
word examples
found ill
another task
pitch measurements
phrase annotation
component alone
footnote 4
david n
analysts could
ed data
identification problem
empirical findings
chinese users
list describing
example xj
fe w
database needs
someone would
algorithms need
key objects
attributes describing
une grammaire
figures 15
step generation
3 make
grammatical words
single complex
template coding
performance benefits
temporal quantifiers
network structure
japanese honorific
henschel et
taxonomic hierarchies
relatively ad
strong possibility
assigns parts
denoting time
weak points
neither contain
interesting correlations
entropy minimization
czech language
interpreter written
branching dominance
useful applications
words needs
ge et
trainer needs
performance declines
month tipster
robust statistical
linguistic subsystems
preliminary assessment
adjectives based
baseline shown
geographic area
hundred characters
taggers make
sequence strategy
dominant word
ideal test
annie zaenen
practical parser
positive contexts
description l
discriminative parser
increasing performance
dependent branches
using tree
optimization model
biermann et
mccarthy et
obvious differences
parallel analysis
calculate feature
subcat features
problem depends
probable output
transducer shown
current capabilities
noninterleaved pruning
translation costs
remove sentences
syntactic constructions
adaptation utterances
bennett et
a2 a33
designated test
entity recognition
al null
best understanding
clarification subdialogs
tracking technology
representation built
system leads
chart item
modified system
effet de
molina et
similarity modules
german ewn
full search
absolute contrasts
implicit structure
ich habe
fortran program
wiebe 1994
one script
two regime
topic definitions
50 hours
effect without
north dakota
handle expressions
broken bones
mary heard
reliable indicators
orientation alone
finin modeling
based tags
rate beyond
marking process
select better
node built
like agreement
steps 5a
investigation described
level learner
12 types
every day
highest likelihood
significant test
okumura et
method selected
missing mandatory
kronecker delta
runs within
types associated
john stopped
swp identifier
default configuration
speech waveform
example 24
cv cvc
disambiguation may
propositional phrases
classifier b
chunk pattern
smoothing methods
english smt
sachs corpus
generate languages
contains many
recognition grammars
several millions
minimal distance
semantic content
building efficient
cultural objects
cfs introduced
scenario would
resource file
properties p
trend towards
initial estimation
environment containing
fact good
tipster api
oriented question
contains words
language classification
grammar shown
de classification
translation appears
prosodic words
building bilingual
translation services
place verb
false depending
better effectiveness
work presented
existing components
basic entry
formal annotations
verbal node
snow would
shows little
method even
general tool
free situation
dimension k
overlap measures
system software
extracts temporal
event variable
group fighting
special data
metadata model
system benefits
different objects
database allows
adjacent clauses
quantitative aspects
also maximizes
imperative ones
venture domain
retrieval plug
dialogue states
second generation
general mapping
tl frame
execution results
spatial data
improving alignment
form word
elementary semion
answer consists
linguistic community
five gram
semantic item
perkins et
invalid contexts
ontolearn system
plus difficiles
sps allows
full development
cleft pronoun
perform exactly
possible noun
translation works
transducer contains
4 domain
conceptual planner
words allows
spanish nouns
average pairwise
important message
without discussion
tendency information
determines syntactic
covers phenomena
l norm
models since
learner errors
mt technology
agency estimate
rightmost extension
stem allomorphs
good food
descriptions could
final syllables
restriction violation
english e
clustering threshold
dependency rule
major leagues
english poses
linguistic issues
usl system
silence codebook
string positions
context meaning
individual occurrences
paradise model
features head
speech alignment
1 displays
grapheme strings
syntactic counterparts
formal evaluations
three random
model presented
whose number
pc pair
cheapest flight
target lecture
depth discussion
generating language
tfs language
header fields
latent variable
best index
a4a7a5 arg
iterative procedure
bombing incident
vers les
reasonable assumptions
unreliable source
input v
running linux
additional element
en lui
richer description
performance degradation
word groupings
names exist
fails otherwise
information considered
generic parameters
shaded node
results presented
em iterations
object preferences
path index
factors contribute
experimental use
standard tool
symbols b
qa context
je parle
graph error
integer associated
encodes information
key keyboard
noun arguments
jurafsky 2001
previous steps
work requires
usually causes
used hmms
grammar contains
network thus
control corpus
asterisk indicates
overall alignment
tagging phase
transliterated character
current patterns
important subtask
every term
corpus respectively
similar quality
average depth
direct descendant
dialogue illustrates
ongoing discussion
help extract
souza 1990
subsequent noun
candidate exists
yields new
spurious readings
practical evaluation
percentage accuracy
first introduces
leaves corresponding
tdt data
pearson coefficient
together span
also extract
relation words
clarification strategy
declarative programming
produce multilingual
montagovian treatment
john drove
paper form
one weight
oracle experiment
character data
works use
algorithms like
many tricky
operations vector
new entity
grammar level
trees violating
clausal constituents
viterbi label
n r
n di
fill empty
grouping algorithm
inferred relation
certain probabilities
useful research
phenomenon could
case set
cyc knowledge
target record
one applies
prior neighbors
smaller chunks
grammatical role
selected keywords
maximal labels
speech query
general rules
response might
model requires
phrase class
grade 1
simple command
underlying processes
e ici
3 topics
final parse
new categories
9 proc
technical solution
complete thesaurus
varying n
lexicon processing
leuski et
particular nodes
incorrect readings
training points
nice properties
provides user
type fonts
different similarity
point x
repeated n
suffix string
propositional act
optm benchmark
nl texts
arabic syntax
correlation co
words took
results requires
single documents
elementary events
linguist would
collection process
relations provide
target variable
anaphors occur
beginning phase
prediction function
improve domain
coltheart et
intersected corpus
methodology proposed
detailed presentation
first crf
answered queries
principal difference
relevant rule
along dimensions
reports experiments
ascii format
inference used
megabyte corpus
conflicting sentences
des applications
scfg rules
significant portions
natural languag
utterance intention
greatest semantic
frontier items
large relative
many months
correct destination
linguistics work
lf representation
transfer issues
optimal decoder
nist su
mathematical properties
source part
automatic collection
partial parsing
suggest ways
nonterminal node
indices based
la section
expression may
see also
parser used
example b
presented sentence
different speakers
tutorial system
status variable
performs similar
topic np
emulate human
parser towards
experiments consists
acquisition must
building algorithm
pargram grammars
em estimation
growing need
select texts
obtained fiom
predicate argument
gnu general
active learning
partial hypotheses
research lines
standard rules
given analysis
eventity frame
broad phonemic
interval 0
obligatory component
support features
approach mentioned
individual case
resolution problem
mckeown 1996
metrics would
symbols within
frame files
system control
raises interesting
mongolian corpora
ensure completeness
walnut street
relative clause
new nlp
natural level
system feature
joint entropy
lim 2001
suitable algorithm
case system
extracts answer
faceted classification
model context
matter relation
initial level
old set
practical value
day life
option tree
overall error
discriminative value
significance weight
udn2001 corpus
separate node
essay analysis
interaction grammars
rules illustrate
mining task
marshall 1981
theoretical networks
corresponding semantics
appointment editor
order functions
minimal length
input node
fill slots
tree corpus
incorrect links
source code
efficient hpsg
material cannot
ccg lexical
multiple summaries
thank mr
similar users
ptb ii
matrix a1
total tokens
adjoining language
tree licensed
conducted cross
translation estimation
similarity curve
association norms
different contexts
multilingual mt
method thus
previous probability
hohe inflationsrate
human infants
bucket contents
marked sentences
retrieves web
default assignment
phil cohen
need something
tree approach
learned transformations
syntax module
consistency check
solution size
phase iii
case acc
rich hierarchical
complex constituents
category relation
body part
u h
context restriction
secondary importance
extracted subjects
successful mt
level shift
55 feature
sections 3
term document
functional equivalence
ray perrault
weighted recall
imperative form
per feature
pairs seen
snover et
pos language
words appears
goes home
head using
code representation
using tag
eat snakes
rules p
candidate analysis
counts derived
previous segmentation
learning stage
role using
potential disadvantage
including features
structure ds
query spelling
rapid changes
united informatics
following default
rhetorical relationship
julia hirschberg
dictionary provided
r whose
discover structure
fss aic
data would
nature des
relational evaluation
precision graph
unspecified relation
chunk context
hypothesis concerning
system allowing
side revisions
processing activity
space taken
de probl
name sequences
20 random
small percentage
seed training
mentioned work
existing ontology
anaphoric uses
topic tags
random values
individual argument
xdg solver
learn also
ae systems
semantic machinery
line documentation
information source
reliable prediction
use compact
a1 a9a11
classifying features
standard referent
german grammars
u mass
people said
structural language
like ibm
uses pmi
term r
larger training
comparative ellipsis
nlp resources
fragment requires
k 1
heterogeneous information
classification operation
000 instances
contain non
reference time
original instance
lexicon derived
10 bins
linguistic segmentations
employ grammars
also features
output becomes
proficient planning
construct parallel
decreasing size
parser obtains
linguistic typology
noun modification
expletive subject
reference speech
minimum word
following feedback
structural relationship
left modifiers
backoff models
engine gives
using restriction
edr bilingual
domains principle
therefore limit
development cycle
bearing expressions
user understands
tagged sequence
exclude words
usable data
arc weights
yield improvements
analysis literature
result suggests
nonterminal states
systems normally
solution within
supervised case
careful distinction
form model
becomes associated
syntactic shape
opinion recognition
translation shown
simple finite
mass data
positive attitude
percent error
international space
even thousands
average behavior
negative dp
several restrictions
case words
new multi
describes features
asahi shinbun
possible presence
reparanda offsets
features except
bilingual news
talking speech
major differences
word images
applicable patterns
semantic transition
achieves around
abbreviatory convention
error appears
human operator
potential field
generation tasks
good grammar
appropriate attribute
related components
pearson correlation
maximum probabilities
richer language
bohmova et
based sampling
les auteurs
form similar
metaphoric sense
document structuring
separate states
changes without
models found
plan recognition
tables 9
higher proportions
analysis mode
input states
undergraduate student
expected likelihood
unique tags
parse tree
based implementations
representation formalisms
10 systems
implicative condition
higher proportion
syntactic configurations
course structure
basic methods
produced target
seven languages
types u
intonational characteristics
6 illustrate
question features
several news
generated b
variables take
hub architecture
words etc
several classifiers
question also
subordinate sentences
new machine
possible start
conceptual graphs
situation often
patterns obtained
principal components
indicate certain
particular text
appropriate rhetorical
apartment buildings
cuts across
level ambiguities
prior part
transliteration candidate
indicated referent
marginal probability
easy problem
task specification
attribute encodes
transition probability
user provides
presupposed proposition
among sequences
test required
ibm computer
refined analysis
rapaport 1988
region identification
message list
tree files
languages requires
relations using
level languages
turing machine
ordered n
lexico n
contextual vector
bird fly
written reports
mechanism finds
dependency slots
last person
temporal focus
nist task
simple linguistic
cell types
planner plans
largest total
dependent utterances
proposition 8
time whether
theory predicts
voice output
pairs contain
translation contains
unreliable estimates
appropriate types
remain adjacent
rags architecture
microsoft english
patent documents
6 p
refining rule
spreken en
free verb
month evaluations
based crm
cluster distribution
cet algorithme
items forming
multiple models
rte 2005
rule generates
systems therefore
explicit mentions
terme de
character idioms
citing article
familiarization scenario
programming tradition
straightforward modification
security number
illustrate another
word defines
several communicative
interpretation schema
unique mapping
idiomatic usage
number restriction
technology systems
two pronunciations
tire second
tsnlp project
linguistic regularities
surface problem
attribute nationality
indices de
grammatical sequences
different origin
classifier selected
underlying domain
hui chiang
much redundant
level interpretation
global scores
implicitly encodes
achieved performance
mckeown 1995
h mutually
plan expansion
dependent language
remaining components
probabilistic scores
linear head
user errors
audio document
langue et
principles given
perplexity pp
oberlander et
constraints discussed
web application
henceforth ldoce
nonterminal occurrences
finkel et
bad input
effective learning
high salience
acoustic distinctive
a3 a7
statistical verb
la s6mantique
ang et
pure parse
different plan
finite sequences
theoretical status
harmonic average
clear patterns
0 messages
interest include
shieber 1983
principal est
large extent
tipster text
bilingual concept
contains either
distance bound
running unix
tree uses
14 utterances
multilingual domain
whole paragraphs
panel session
constraint checking
terminal vocabularies
various users
fundamental types
multiple selection
antitank missile
pl p2
relevant non
word trigger
short descriptions
gr sets
use pairs
many computational
28 aour
rhetorical relation
contains 46
always match
participants would
bow representations
preference value
whole predicate
ce texte
excellent performance
hi order
several approximations
potential rule
0 instrument
shieber 1985
one block
positive weights
l within
bigram pruning
assumption underlying
ment du
hybrid approach
incremental updates
disambiguated language
following construction
learning relations
tagger described
output structures
first outline
edges may
perfect correlation
using idf
la conversion
rer que
third sense
harvey oswald
endency structure
1980 alan
equality constraints
pattern might
ambiguous adjective
np constraint
items called
level function
aa l
focus operators
models generated
argumentative roles
en usage
levin classification
important expressions
groups participating
edge 4
first compare
practical system
semantic regularity
parmi les
sa system
complete graph
use predicate
educational system
learning makes
subsequent module
category models
intermediate languages
contains sequences
possible labelings
link weight
poor story
scheme seems
zero entry
dictionnaire et
tropical semiring
group membership
correction rate
mal grammar
32 signal
expected values
within iso
call types
schema 1
aggregation mechanism
pragmatic coherence
structural relation
language content
response based
phrases acting
inflectional endings
parameterized rtn
implementation status
sequential paths
thus inherits
become unreachable
structure present
tool catalogue
analyzed word
preclassified training
baseball players
widely understood
information mentioned
representation problem
certain grammar
idiosyncratic features
phrase segmentation
two kanji
cnf grammar
sl segment
definite pronoun
circles indicate
labeled graph
roman empire
tara murphy
translator generator
different variables
detailed word
english statements
resulting classification
individual properties
reviews r
non zero
cannot explain
lbr example
connection among
word indicates
longer definitions
development group
dioxide evaporates
words next
dictionary knowledge
theories used
3 feature
domain objects
evaluation becomes
ignore certain
based formalism
3 examples
system decreases
human review
class root
since k
situation recognition
element annotations
framework adopted
gann bierner
der oder
implausible ones
empirical comparison
plot structure
data handling
english person
2800 sentences
36 hours
error estimation
provide advice
technology development
either fl
connectionist framework
little overhead
words shown
system performs
bank construction
limited capability
category selection
document graph
collocational properties
original method
word parts
human preference
efficient techniques
processing equipment
word windows
lowest confidence
example describes
correct location
involving discourse
disambiguating word
acc b
conventional context
module system
disclosed dimension
parcel identifiers
synonym extraction
paper solves
exclusive sets
kernel computation
consistent gains
source form
certain time
alvey programme
spanish name
ambiguity reduction
phonetic code
process remains
connected spoken
knowledge using
japanese text
3 indicate
current cognitive
standard transformational
adjective ambiguities
define r
fragments containing
th graph
retrieval situations
include rule
appropriate pos
measuring distance
distinguished feature
key attribute
morphology learning
systems give
distance cannot
two tables
clusters could
scale induction
conceptual parser
using roget
word portion
standard md
100 megabytes
extraction alone
incremental non
noun test
automatic word
pitch period
test pattern
english past
new chunk
verb framesets
des formules
actual texts
individual descriptions
mapping system
commercial word
restriction fails
atomic operation
underlying production
flexional structures
entity appearing
user environment
initial maximum
hmms trained
relation sequences
good alternative
ontology building
e user
perceptual knowledge
information estimates
best individual
semantic evidence
solving state
stranded preposition
top feature
muc tasks
style semantics
identify x
element appears
prominent syllable
lemma forms
although performance
speakers usually
cannot rule
arc applied
account sentence
source cfg
various instantiations
generate values
hierarchical methods
separate case
new initiatives
reliable training
sld resolution
database contains
actions carried
item lists
produced alignments
four processing
discriminative words
local theme
topic slot
feature signature
standard annotation
links could
category may
also lists
stock exchange
doran et
general users
word chosen
latter requires
similar heuristics
younger children
passage match
entire vocabulary
animate nouns
adaptation may
rewrite system
birds eat
certain segment
certain relevant
words contains
document theme
good basis
another room
status elements
heavy objects
segmentation provided
target ranges
parsed examples
marked nps
new variety
bilingual wordnet
summary phrases
9 depicts
wider class
domain modeling
help parsers
der zeitung
extraction performed
fragments cannot
database level
sufficient background
size 5
type size
unit 9
window system
intensional description
features still
score among
equality constraint
following points
similarity scoring
domain similarity
partial support
bottom curve
net used
source trees
associated wlth
independent systems
experiments evaluating
collected utterances
arbitrary manner
nl question
traditional methods
many phrasal
ostia algorithm
original news
total corpus
rigid way
words distributed
sentence reports
prediction values
analysis provided
official scorer
model constituent
learning corpus
strict way
million articles
dependent relation
several wordnet
structures stored
features characterizing
high cost
current branch
measures whether
includes utterances
different attribute
inferences used
hand created
items f
parsing rule
statements describing
shallow methods
pair belongs
salient phrases
known location
700 words
subword units
analysis looks
conjugated form
de r6gles
parametric signatures
special nouns
vibhakti mapping
label identifying
mtu n
assigned types
german analysis
weights according
eliminate nocoll
composition using
learning approach
disagreement rates
appropriate means
approach gave
realistic grammar
image regions
backoff procedure
ce cas
reflect relative
accent status
user back
gram grammars
class fare
primary condition
following page
inducing grammars
tei scheme
primitive type
variable weights
linguistic entries
semantic contextual
value measures
english lemmas
framenet corpus
column corresponding
english training
sound wfst
cost method
true parses
alignment accuracy
noise candidate
several arguments
outer connections
unifying theme
system defines
50 occurrences
highest cosine
special kind
section provides
main language
different scope
sentences represents
time markers
kansas city
textual entailment
simple rule
coreference tasks
solid boxes
walker 1992
tile pp
roles must
mapping words
operations used
particular relationship
de verbes
design guide
logical way
masculine pronouns
end point
expanded tree
times collection
certain senses
estimate sense
entropy parsing
dioxide rages
systematic method
type within
centering preferences
bantu language
4 answer
treating text
smt model
adjunct prepositional
input bitext
identical element
percentage point
functional feature
grammatical facts
marsec corpus
ordinal numbers
text news
template specification
mainly affects
additional speakers
book database
referential use
intensional constructions
deduction tree
learning behavior
partia l
sensor values
text classifiers
different techniques
pos models
pairs formed
languages could
missing entities
information vector
different weights
models consist
pair language
without exceptions
different primitive
potential subjective
word concepts
small lexicons
structured model
error level
retrieval function
two transducers
reflect semantic
word british
senses instead
p matches
depth parameter
algorithm therefore
disambiguation n
results available
morphological boundaries
identified sentences
uke relation
2 rule
grammar file
search methods
sentences e
robust hmm
initial boundary
active transitive
better combination
classes mentioned
heuristic component
components correspond
cluster document
transformation program
mona diab
prototype applications
five words
em path
window words
empty category
hownet dictionary
telephone network
canonical pattern
par chaque
encouraging work
potential non
structural models
relational words
declarative specification
chemical names
new matrix
program searches
patterns proposed
generic systems
uses l
using world
scale information
team performance
useful modality
csr evaluations
three mt
maximum time
bod 2006
busy numbers
best policy
importance evaluation
original concept
detection systems
paragraphs within
categorical parser
unigram tagger
basic software
internal feature
detailed example
cross reference
structures 1
shortcuts facility
source tokens
ranking module
distinct tasks
social hierarchy
msg rule
asr grammar
second dialogue
formal languages
phrase generation
features derived
pg pg
tense sentences
abstract morpheme
b u
good agreement
sections 10
linguistic example
optional subject
grained notion
access frame
additional correct
native data
informational segment
grant ogp121338
parser designs
applies generally
initial list
second symbol
among feature
indicator word
complete verb
gram indexing
speaker identities
right sentence
1 gb
grammatical problems
questions beginning
suitable formalism
object goal
cn instantiations
like part
differ widely
2004 release
modern greek
lscript1 regularizer
underlined phrases
annotated czech
air compressor
linguistic model
topical nouns
eight sentences
2000 word
features necessary
best cases
parsing paradigm
time using
author may
prosody alone
point immediately
interpretations may
common generalization
standard class
segmentation 2
null fication
gives users
conditioned unification
performance considerably
party lines
boolean functions
coders agree
previous pfl
relation discovery
rules resulting
information produces
common n
output tasks
alt attribute
unmerged model
higher layer
read fluently
game manager
level details
nonlinear morphology
noun table
example thus
closure principle
new semantics
ne f
smaller structures
central representation
percent attempted
coordination rules
single description
class constraints
formal interpretation
take multiple
syntactic complexity
specifying patterns
model information
tipster data
sentences f
accurate overall
around n
stack decoders
program developed
sense since
nominal antecedent
final constraint
induction methods
expression defining
transformations specified
assigned pos
test context
annotated template
helps reduce
g turnstileleft
observed string
statistical systems
symmetric relation
possibly multi
management component
bind variables
based indexing
activity tree
central mechanism
association based
noun clause
combining method
pragmatic problems
officielles langues
language 3
particular signature
analysis 2
specify entities
term probabilities
proper language
award iis
two subtypes
various heuristics
measures provide
fits better
associated language
already uses
hapax legomena
establish baseline
among factors
flat categories
massive parallelism
katz back
newspaper texts
providing guidance
paradigm set
dative constructions
resolve conflicts
five responses
compatibility value
offers three
ordinated noun
definite information
specific disambiguation
short textual
view processing
tense predicates
words retrieved
various occasions
structure already
striking differences
rules created
actual model
modifier category
experience level
mean reciprocal
th verb
syntactic frameworks
derived mapping
middle part
mismatches occur
labeling system
longer period
types observed
importance value
recording session
processes interact
lrc machine
phrases correspond
complex basic
shallow approaches
identify repair
consistent pattern
flexible categorial
multiple alignments
specific part
john wants
explanatory variables
medical expert
tree leaves
jump back
selected parameters
normative argument
extrinsic evaluation
tools make
suggestion mechanism
human factors
nearest station
text associated
neighbor blocks
dialogue architecture
application rules
large name
using background
trec context
predict whether
arbitrary cfg
grow larger
yields fewer
system chosen
word hierarchy
linear filters
chunk information
optimal compromise
formalism introduced
type ne
mu c
ned task
procedure 3
states using
er den
reliance upon
1 identifies
step 0
capture long
diminishing returns
perfect hash
logical constraint
stem context
clustering tool
set equations
representational language
science dept
binding predications
measured performance
r6sultats de
grammar specifies
facts contained
third utterance
examples come
parameter determines
possible inflectional
user focus
lookup algorithm
particular relation
othe r
improve machine
first challenge
expression n
dependent models
sar mission
naive method
specific code
30 sentences
closest word
called bunsetsus
annotation costs
algorithm attaches
four times
cfg derivation
transfer model
features within
forms may
analysis knowledge
automatically part
de figure
every source
meaning intended
interactive telephone
null pronoun
side nonterminal
sublexical units
user reviews
city 2
document vectors
sm corresponds
empirical count
wise parallelism
example illustrated
underlying entity
feature models
trees also
arrows represent
language supports
human brain
paths whose
qui repr
rule condition
domain plan
japanese data
grammaticality indices
one inactive
better scores
three passes
correct concept
phrase fronting
strategies described
recognizing discourse
stylistic features
e performed
variance one
development tests
lexical chasm
also co
perplexity value
original wordnet
lis sbr
search topics
message classes
correct categorizations
classe de
basic feature
sequence constraints
value marks
combining classifiers
cost associated
new uses
algorithm constructs
tanenhaus et
default attribute
small overlap
parsing non
questions concerning
lexicalization component
generate decision
information extractable
stronger constraint
creates problems
information accumulated
multilingual entity
creates several
strings since
alignment technique
project aiming
also inherits
azin gave
facilitate research
absolute scale
assuming j
without errors
information measures
5 megabytes
agent negotiation
derived rules
grammatical cases
n a0
rightmost daughter
function measures
box code
precision systems
tile parser
training cortms
latest stepper
sfb 340
rule sub
score significantly
sharing resources
ideas discussed
prosodic factors
multiple choices
representations whose
calculating recall
macro organization
issue extracted
building grammars
level values
one point
spoken utterance
variable xi
trees involved
extracted topic
pruning may
conditional expectation
bates et
spurious template
use acknowledgments
consensus exists
finite transducer
communication environments
training resource
many requests
effects described
use boolean
feature selection
memory space
syntactic interaction
compiled lists
files may
items currently
default scope
subjectivity classifiers
susanne tag
modification relationships
entire parsing
algorithm effectively
sentences described
like manner
simple non
three tasks
entity systems
cascades model
beyond word
need even
harmony value
input descriptions
query answering
elided verb
translation service
omitted np
sensory information
small feature
higher variability
motion sense
mail entry
tuning model
letter string
text drawn
initial investigation
automata used
varying amounts
revised bill
semantic annotations
nonzero probability
paper uses
across frames
frequent words
translation list
random ordering
system capability
generator constructs
market domain
focus element
microplanner output
negative expressions
resultative verbs
3 defines
oriented dialogs
construction 1
many interactions
decimal numbers
parsed output
domain variables
sense data
every human
inverse order
information center
nothing unusual
parsing stages
deg 2
en la
sequential execution
r w
linguistic question
fronted adjunct
sentence relevance
observation concerning
entry format
default weights
processing direction
bilingual templates
daughter languages
consider document
cannot hold
wsd program
value used
variables introduced
2 non
computer studies
based heuristics
umlaut rule
n articles
ontological instances
database querying
100 rules
concept pairs
even number
inference time
expanded vocabulary
japanese projects
blackboard architecture
river bank
simple declarative
highest increase
simple base
sentence prior
rule schema
assign zero
peer translation
darts l
induction approaches
sd system
pronoun detection
field codes
multiple subjects
reference transfer
n1 prep
de roeck
reduce algorithm
svo order
conjoined vp
sense combinations
events rather
treatment plan
early feedback
pattern must
selection framework
necessary parameters
n ex
mechanisms must
chunking tasks
methods produced
action set
friendly interface
feature may
find connections
five methods
paradigm words
comprehensive morphological
conceptual fragment
sgml tagged
23 subjects
known concept
null tionary
compare different
haden maclellan
compatibility set
chi et
specific manner
right answer
address given
operational environment
conjugation verbs
additional variables
sentence shows
program began
arbitrary tokens
derivation forest
runtime complexity
rule holds
realization operations
regular syntactic
financial investment
governed node
reversible passives
inactive items
standard svm
different strength
persuade henry
fina l
crossed dependency
phrases include
much overhead
single events
state cannot
philips research
associated relation
previous application
target syntactic
contain sub
syntactic preferences
path toward
analysis template
current practical
kind would
actual question
difficult translation
dynamic view
des arbres
time limits
weighted precision
tina system
presented herein
linguistic correctness
japanese queries
one text
syllable tags
successive characters
recognition would
entire world
nodes together
different members
measure tends
best tagger
see raskin
simply reduces
motivated principles
trees produced
acquisition component
pairwise relations
initial values
conceptual system
coverage vector
great variety
revised text
2 stages
koons et
corresponding symbols
selection statements
crossover operation
texts instead
users work
conditional sentence
features best
sentential trees
tj watson
component dictionary
generates system
classification errors
n occur
indexed based
kong city
east bulgaria
np instances
definiteness feature
type specified
therefore consider
use distinct
opinion mining
provides content
preposition combinations
summary sentences
issues relating
de kleer
recommend using
based analysis
beutnagel et
pangloss mt
move structures
times word
longest matches
correct wordnet
knowledge editing
verb send
tile evaluation
neighbor learning
missing phoneme
watson et
valid sub
phonemes within
signi cant
choose randomly
frame encoding
remain agnostic
n time
selection criteria
second bit
practical approaches
3 indicates
discriminative approaches
retrieval facility
timex2 standard
sgml tag
side 3
narrating event
term a0
interactive analysis
proficiency test
appropriate representation
using support
reports contain
daughter function
push ranking
solve part
detect without
prstart adjunct
collins dictionary
patterns representing
constraint processing
learning must
input consists
detailed survey
experimental translation
dependency network
whole message
decoded sentence
terms formed
english synthesis
good investment
threshold increases
nested expressions
ordinary verbs
worst results
token j
stanford link
word noun
3 parts
many work
understanding level
characters involved
exceptional translation
top kernels
salient sentences
2 find
hard part
population distribution
travel database
similar markers
full text
meaning ms
property list
woman went
use brill
ney 2003
gap features
au type
code names
plausible alternatives
lookup function
particular region
matrix 2
similarity scheme
greibach normal
phenomena discussed
artificial systems
subcategorization constraints
new computer
null adjectives
three dogs
measure value
distributional generality
theoretical motivations
unigram based
turn correction
passive mode
empty heads
multilingual multi
relational operator
rule applications
question space
particular models
results validate
special name
official rankings
logic representations
also cover
expand upon
closest example
plead guilty
object references
extract loanwords
conventional information
several test
crossing composition
array processing
systems evaluation
predict one
human acceptability
reduce ambiguities
list learner
fin f
left knob
social event
likely yield
whole experiment
new translations
rhetorical abstractions
grammar accepts
entities without
specialized computer
best terms
top indicates
complex way
educated guesses
example presents
27 texts
peut 8tre
role labeller
bitext correspondence
central areas
attribution relations
school grammar
descriptive language
answer rather
poss np
hierarchical feature
hand panel
learned classes
phoneme correspondence
many stems
lexicalised version
fitness measure
belkin et
example verbs
systems incorporating
concessive sense
systems tends
multilingual machine
accurate back
numbers using
specified parameter
source corpus
materials must
question presented
traditional retrieval
domain types
kernel value
np substitution
collect examples
tile value
big grammars
initiating context
single phenomenon
conceptual words
high blood
implicit ambiguity
term j
state emission
dyalog system
three blocks
man gave
chez lea
particular selection
generates words
substantive differences
additional check
progress reports
conjunction occurs
morphological dictionary
par l
43 state
clause encoding
agent either
two holes
message identification
formal details
rule relating
notebook computers
risk decoding
adding part
validation methodology
price fell
fragment rooted
tasks attempted
approach brings
intelligence artificielle
phonemic transcription
like cfg
source state
particular semantic
distinguish among
implicit discourse
normalized vectors
increase performance
compositional constructions
source side
creole set
vp denotes
knowledge reasoning
correction des
typical ones
top portion
term grammar
preceding sentences
da recognition
elliptical fragments
fsm library
sentential tokens
backoff strategy
third letter
many years
link nodes
weighted vote
averaged perceptron
complex inferences
section reviews
area includes
single axis
standard ascii
conditional interpretations
slavonic languages
systems represent
computer techniques
preference levels
wave form
relevant sub
p2 e
processes one
strings found
note also
text modification
systems scored
discovered sense
bigrams according
database file
restriction comes
character name
allows users
specify relationships
possible associations
semantic neighborhood
default prosody
band speech
2 generates
resolution methods
group c
pairs containing
complete search
distinguishes one
five topics
5 tags
links x
known arguments
old problems
special functions
pair selection
much overlap
five approaches
use memory
baseline score
neural theory
language needs
ed direction
baseline algorithms
step consisted
tu ni
big difference
brief account
skipped words
coda consonant
study investigated
bar graph
dependency propagation
grammar seems
since anything
verb alternations
grosz 1978
building decision
grammar classes
coin flip
language use
also context
search heuristic
class frequency
sensitive screen
based baseline
argument graph
name indicates
dimensional probability
rank patterns
feature bundle
production process
causality patterns
perl regular
report evaluation
000 times
efficient mechanism
engine indexes
idiom processing
base np
user asking
order restrictions
incremental copying
cluster reduction
group needs
tools including
constraints filter
method takes
candidate classifier
represent nodes
constraint b
name parts
group use
state domain
means either
morphological evidence
neutral description
time dialogue
4 examines
loose phrases
reviewer points
syntactic attributes
lookup phase
turn using
first assign
trouve dans
enough training
agreement principles
pre xes
l saw
latter information
features specified
bill keller
mainly consist
search keys
experiment investigated
information used
document search
procedure needs
du dictionnaire
sixth sentence
function used
fundamental design
removing redundant
text actually
prolog unification
different average
line type
grammar score
textual data
erroneous results
effectively removes
exclude cases
training strings
level decision
possible points
driven techniques
standardized encoding
np antecedent
structural choices
sentence generating
reference guide
order classifiers
task progress
pairs cannot
search control
functional parts
a66 a30
pair may
register differences
coverage measures
limited attention
tense predicate
lexical nps
integration phase
level ontological
theory also
overall f
underlying positions
lie used
phrase application
next century
arbitrary depth
optimal alignment
distinct interpretations
manchester m60
effectively eliminates
perform co
show experimental
particular moment
furniture items
spn multiset
grammatical terms
du pr
get acceptable
depend upon
category n
high dimension
multiple constituents
active clause
tutoring process
candidate left
applying sentence
make predictions
valid asts
morph type
beijing language
first label
extended definition
state automata
ii style
ambiguous constructs
metagrammatical formalisms
date tagging
judge relevance
natural classes
japanese relative
allowing multiple
k singular
annotation level
close inspection
noninteractive speech
phonetic relations
number corresponds
candidate qualia
final dependency
different view
twin features
four views
another space
source files
human listeners
time course
lowest perplexity
related field
measurement technique
every vector
processes using
languages x
involve mapping
philosophy behind
3 exemplifies
connector three
proper selection
observed number
core dictionary
conjunctive concepts
right expansion
complex constraint
thousands words
marsha v2
particular target
17 senses
corpus analyzed
e official
pairwise comparisons
better overview
provide correct
transitivity rating
8 john
natural object
reduced dimensionality
1 output
tunable parameters
cfg skeletons
strings generated
corpus differences
initial object
computational resource
manhattan distance
related notion
top concepts
identification could
circuit elements
ie framework
resource descriptions
eldos project
predicate formulas
three sentence
video conferencing
bracketing scores
referential level
surface phenomena
three acts
occur inside
contextual probabilities
focus assignment
string lengths
make rules
optimal query
fixing speech
english grammatical
coef cient
sentence dependency
primitive operations
command system
beam algorithm
accuracy rate
score obtained
among parts
sentence templates
like tokens
accompanying noun
cumulative effect
good embedding
benefactive alternations
two constructs
phrase rank
automatic lexical
database specifies
accessing information
rules tn
give evidence
perform pattern
quantitative characteristics
new clusters
la syntaxe
alternations involving
three phonemes
depth 6
single analyst
prior state
verb expert
ranks among
attributes contributed
es de
twin room
full utterances
utterance plan
time bounds
degree distribution
pp adjuncts
30 pairs
major stages
normalized log
logical dependency
chosen class
model deviates
economist expects
raw results
reference domain
created links
transducer states
therefore needs
characteristics make
pure frequency
model vs
consonantal onset
minimal modifications
noun result
independent api
dx system
corresponding lfg
minimal np
haptic mouse
xml document
four groups
gb theory
html file
recognition rule
peut repr6senter
therefore use
boundaries may
reveals two
measure system
called singular
component interfaces
rating task
token basis
postpositional particles
driving simulator
report percent
appropriate role
vocabulary extension
possible advantage
1 x
different representation
clean text
algorithm classifies
optimal error
historical corpus
nested intervals
former prisoner
require training
used extraction
property values
per noun
sense association
global training
idiomatic language
able co
obtained model
natural account
phrases connected
indexed texts
wkdw q
unrelated phenomena
esg parser
stress system
six permutations
standard generation
original test
supertagging accuracy
focus moves
one data
different mechanism
worth emphasising
optional second
coordinating conjunction
relationship model
reusable launch
propositional calculus
cliticized verb
rows 5
standard hmms
important requirement
paradigmatic path
testing knowledge
japanese may
method finds
style sheets
grammar states
empty template
process referred
association model
correctly handles
class forms
segments would
frequent sequences
bouma et
last round
np occurs
evaluation method
sentential relations
adjectival complements
form di
1 split
past time
towards higher
scored correct
generic resources
additionally use
cell matches
web surfing
generated title
polish language
shares certain
event clauses
appropriate candidates
requires explanation
tile system
cost parameters
many companies
manual verification
several limitations
brought forth
cannot satisfactorily
sele ction
synsets within
interval boundaries
monadic cftgs
ambiguous pp
local weight
draw conclusions
frame predicates
form syn
rules automatically
anaphoric binding
long distances
besides word
contradictory information
automated support
simplex clauses
flag indicating
manner analogous
term dictionaries
framework assumes
english adverbs
evidence relations
judgment mechanism
null output
additional dictionaries
specified sequence
compose trees
also receives
speech prediction
earlier researchers
approach captures
new inference
ironic environment
correct templates
voyage de
following abbreviations
yew lin
nouns extracted
le tango
term basis
proposed brackets
represent text
stem information
simultaneously parse
providing insights
grammar checkers
replace x
morphological nature
program 2
reduce ppdas
al rules
coded transfer
ldc english
coreferent antecedent
additional modalities
carsim system
contains parts
theoretic definition
single record
sense labels
scoring tool
phrase anaphora
k transition
algorithm incorporating
law lord
knowledge integration
algorithm tends
set selected
text test
also report
difference comes
models due
flat semantics
different matter
conjunction processing
existing base
core meaning
lexical instantiation
ace guidelines
mixture modeling
language sound
production null
structure recognition
phoneme inventories
overall prediction
proper target
projects often
base rules
approach outperformed
generation graph
et k
con null
database lookup
phrase vp
based pc
8 vs
two formalisms
three interpretations
main procedure
item could
implementation method
elementary steps
categorial coordination
classes used
toactiveword process
organization would
specific reading
natural logarithms
relation consecutive
review related
chart algorithm
k 3
produces lower
output often
palmer 2002
consistency checker
estimation requires
distributive readings
language appears
single variable
examine whether
either give
language services
avoid losing
java code
experimental investigation
basic parts
head alone
sense first
learning phrases
introductory textbooks
functional aspects
sentences 9
italian tes
pragmatic issues
query phase
honorific prefix
single complete
japanese nouns
complement whose
work outlined
allow rapid
translation seems
strict substitution
behavior may
representation methods
countability preference
generation parameters
one found
irregular word
offers greater
nd proof
event references
uppercase letter
string accuracy
60 pounds
directory entry
given meanings
expressions produced
knowledge depends
precision block
whether wordnet
alignment type
typical nlp
using bootstrap
nlp models
syntactic valence
element list
group appears
subjectivity detection
argument verb
every sign
first page
available tools
states 0
computational formalisms
phrase fred
better described
algorithms using
handle sentence
recognition paradigm
word added
approaches face
visual environment
question leads
score corresponds
base like
figure indicate
feature gives
appear among
iterative way
good part
manages every
use expressions
belief module
rising intonation
memory retrieval
copyright issues
formed formula
coreference recognition
curves corresponding
avons donc
list respectively
inaccurate results
inps ormation
verb depends
combined classifiers
kb unit
informative ones
sentence typically
symmetrical relation
new findings
date labelling
study concerns
small parts
modules whose
small windows
likely explanation
sophisticated parsing
tile words
relevant research
temporal phenomena
aspectual requirements
model outlined
word preceding
target clauses
goodman 2003
space considerations
de syst
two graphs
related fields
finite collection
semantic shift
translation score
extensive efforts
summary pairs
software described
question could
dialogues tend
revised queries
common location
discourse rules
investigate alternative
jack regretted
interesting sub
example input
parse corresponds
development tools
career award
independent dimensions
constraints simultaneously
practical cases
transduction grammar
independence assumptions
supports efficient
component evaluations
abstract value
inflectional features
candidate meanings
say p
successful solution
procedure works
15 subjects
main kinds
inflection information
structure via
speech summarization
underlying semantics
translation filtering
scoring rules
ambiguous strings
small portion
p phrase
bold type
stem alternant
particular proposition
individual subject
prose text
encourage research
strongly favors
edit operation
also identifies
corpus lexicon
solve nlp
average sentences
proposed mt
five feature
eventuality described
five examples
actual distribution
nationality attribute
c means
vacuous abstraction
like relations
whq ynq
source collocation
rightmost columns
noun usage
substantive linguistic
resolution could
answers seems
words kernel
de lot
many thousands
three answer
planning department
calculus presented
computing agent
posterior distribution
models outperforms
dynamic disambiguation
sense sj
core tag
left figure
data condition
ensure quality
report system
fini par
intrinsic property
computer monitor
1998 hub
update system
terms containing
ambiguities within
accentual patterns
error repairing
choice problem
systems implementing
extensive data
got correct
indirect realization
uses quantitative
un ordre
pure dependency
first advantage
perform context
functional hierarchy
independent communication
topics relevant
important tasks
discourse like
numeric data
es gibt
verbs along
answer error
foreign location
predefined dialogue
introduce unnecessary
failure due
cantly outperforms
inextricably bound
speaker wishes
baseline case
two gestures
statistical independence
visual image
silo interface
presented systems
speaking person
promising solution
procedural representation
answering application
agent feature
systems entered
needs large
advances made
adjacency principle
verb disagreement
expert raters
infinite sets
hidden word
compared performance
third step
proof frame
ers based
relations alone
functions need
actions according
utterance types
check requires
corresponding cluster
250 sentences
explicit mapping
stylistic goals
nodes encode
two thesauri
text portions
positive part
repair sequence
occur check
care professionals
wordnet sense
five factors
describe well
7 years
feasible parses
null formation
level ordering
interpretation e
ilp approach
core vocabulary
future evaluation
new symbols
sense equivalent
item retrieval
active search
asymptotic time
remaining fields
avoid search
authors often
ec project
level segments
standard using
null patterns
document categorization
robust parser
growing coffee
lazy incremental
graded constraint
zhou et
classifier takes
assigned role
updating function
nl database
texts containing
making finer
first conference
constructed thesaurus
key areas
specific relations
words wsd
corresponding column
conceptual approaches
compression technique
frequency channels
carlo methods
system start
going dialogue
original clause
recipient case
characteristic recognizer
msp 3
saint louis
phrase 0
gradually improves
whether q
terms cannot
particular choices
studies like
schu tze
slot types
model developed
existing edges
grammar case
features occurring
equational constraints
scope ambiguity
world book
foreign nation
useful training
default representation
unrelated topics
standard derivations
predicates correctly
potential applications
several rounds
word wsj
children also
fang bu
en relation
thus x
basic concepts
hypermedia application
clarification forms
stochastic operations
levels may
context around
1 vs
encoding part
main thread
basic capability
upon execution
verbal stems
consistent information
english versions
transformation steps
standard benchmark
adequate english
including adjectives
partial analysis
expansion techniques
example np
design criterion
single statement
better framework
peter likes
idf based
considerable simplification
spanish news
count matrix
default mechanism
similar roles
verb hire
relative placement
language ir
encodes knowledge
compares favorably
generic nodes
viterbi evaluation
efficient disambiguation
relevant functional
active development
linky string
correcting material
schema 3
refer respectively
tiling algorithm
linguistic element
name identifier
one leaf
prediction would
agreement violations
lattice produced
articles within
eariey deduction
elliptical structure
element specifies
longer exists
first reaction
tile percentage
text table
simple sub
seem possible
conjoined head
corpus would
unabridged dictionary
contrastive analysis
problem involves
feature n
ccg grammar
system avoids
perceptron feature
among modules
word mappings
comparing error
bind mechanism
software framework
feature improved
time integration
current label
task therefore
conjunctive noun
interaction paradigm
referring functions
triples consisting
rules exist
particular quantifier
focusing algorithm
meeting summarization
resolution heuristic
accurate parser
ramesh patil
retinoic acid
n judges
textual gloss
proper alignments
explicit rules
attention given
basic aspects
four verbs
multiple parse
words seems
system module
represent utterances
showed improvements
multidocument summary
word suffix
unigram model
tag strings
avec des
null sider
illustrative comparisons
direction german
textual semantic
computing n
bottom element
tables 17
generated input
space approach
units divided
approximate p
ils sont
200 contexts
cause incorrect
semantic interpretation
style accuracy
message would
another report
support information
attractive features
symbol indicating
precision independence
questions taken
normalized weight
calculating precision
simply substitute
complete results
gross simplification
rules specifying
case indicates
extending oil
parsing schema
soap opera
following strings
details concerning
different areas
central problems
database object
sufficient degree
interface representation
forest grammar
ii tree
retrieved translation
correct coreference
interesting applications
perfect translation
acoustic events
transcription system
a10 a38
score sampling
2 sub
natural ordering
two parser
functional programming
high frequency
p might
information packaging
articulatory gestures
entire action
free communication
detailed accounting
field trial
corpus linguistic
words sometimes
generalisation performance
require another
reranking problem
direct example
cf combinations
configuration p
clean data
akiba et
theme may
time depends
insignificant improvement
like corpus
q1 x
structures describing
empirical testing
idf term
derived heuristics
contextual time
restricted kind
semantic path
database frame
translation correspondences
consist mainly
grounding styles
speech training
answer comes
cognitive capabilities
takes control
lisp program
scope rules
grows much
portable information
best word
topic markers
predicates corresponding
c value
labeling problems
research would
description consists
direct model
features regarding
web sources
related meanings
ring structures
media selection
like approach
simple schema
dictionary built
models yield
unified hash
local block
biomedical field
dependent constituents
template objects
using grammars
put emphasis
lower scores
dependent strategy
explanation planner
real users
citation processor
model links
copular constructions
affix list
edges leading
dynamic manner
use random
enterprise ireland
leaves little
common way
library module
attributes list
neighbor graph
system added
verbal subject
humans learn
set designed
text translated
pnv triples
assignment 2
weighted error
layer model
probable label
weighted jaccard
candidate 1
prosodic hierarchy
knowledge alone
w means
nodes according
tony kroch
functions like
proposed domain
ne task
subordination relations
instance set
receive special
test fails
yield interesting
units making
learn information
underlying principle
grammar employs
analysis include
physical awkwardness
mit data
make users
grammatical regularities
trigger pair
improved methods
transfer element
one relative
certain changes
powerful constraints
following pos
topological fields
error classes
recent thesis
hensley e
previous extraction
different materials
generate html
three recognition
inference processes
listener questions
help information
words account
patterns provide
president kennedy
training set
effective systems
permis de
content coverage
sense si
filler sets
entropy calculation
pattern recognizer
head lemma
also information
like behavior
distance given
migraine treatment
specify information
systems treat
one association
pp complements
module performs
specific corpus
initial argument
basic hierarchy
things become
recording time
realtime performance
figure 6c
literary texts
parser processes
collecting statistics
mccord 1980
nominal mentions
expert lexicographers
visual focus
complex dependency
abstract system
integer id
variable part
evaluate p
words combine
technical communication
top half
identify incorrect
specific approach
annual meetings
word p
ucg sign
predetermined list
credits assigned
feature salience
formalism whose
grade allows
rule scores
generation vectors
valid measure
tag parser
pronoun lui
flattened version
number around
null a1
labels lij
oriented grammar
processing method
similar connectives
based processors
l np
error score
marginal distributions
reference entity
framework within
appropriate domains
search patterns
rare instances
grammars may
interpreting telephony
parsing applications
frame pairs
model orders
domain representation
one gloss
ordinary pda
similar tests
steps 2
see mary
hypotheses containing
dimarco et
distance matrix
provide relevant
large quantities
similar reasoning
cluster senses
single procedure
vp avec
generator system
ordinary rules
whatever method
chinese linguists
generating parse
section considers
many paraphrases
different disambiguation
hun var
important benefit
unseen messages
segmented sentence
weight update
n grows
data relating
heterogeneous knowledge
percent higher
simple inheritance
unmarked term
alignment according
glc parsing
10 data
group contains
language level
est au
previous theory
system specification
effective search
calculate p
markedness complexity
topic using
achieves performance
general schemas
seed entities
instrument relation
control measures
level lexicon
many pioneer
np b
right orientation
skimming algorithm
template similarity
qualitative process
exploratory comparison
better training
parser cannot
ambiguity cannot
parser produce
useful complement
efficient manner
parameter reduction
categorial formalism
svo languages
either pos
computer representation
integrates semantic
frame predicate
good form
involves many
mutual belief
low error
penalty term
nested structures
6 types
john kerry
simple applications
largest unit
training system
left sibling
analyzer analyzes
particular functions
expected rule
take appropriate
conversational qa
higher scores
user misconception
bayer et
ending points
annotation file
group level
corresponding items
mathematical textbooks
penn arabic
type definitions
quality features
class occurs
internal noun
camera domain
units consisting
semantic individuals
interesting research
predicate expression
transitions divided
inheritance principle
way compatible
generic text
greater attention
atis natural
tacit knowledge
well subjects
mi lo
structure headed
used key
obvious applications
contain english
psychological states
another constituent
entity nodes
constancy principle
various roles
easy retrieval
consultation facility
attach test
new lexemes
specific proper
following means
analysis section
iob tagging
grammatical word
keywords selected
turn 0
10 days
rules rely
background data
animacy markedness
code version
nom compl
nomad uses
increase without
technical point
punctuation symbols
termination condition
computerized dictionaries
sgml tags
variable renaming
pairs form
lavie et
lexical neighbourhoods
serious limitations
ground relationship
example rules
items represented
pronunciation time
try using
special instance
evaluate automatic
full semantic
user responses
control center
previous head
wail street
particular n
random initializations
phrase every
textual extent
current page
morphology systems
l tags
existing standards
shows signs
brief descriptions
next slot
first cell
many error
free text
alternative expression
combining multiple
agent performs
reranking features
segmentation errors
approaches allow
possibly noisy
lexicon tool
corresponding point
abstract words
numbers show
sole basis
human noun
processing news
term investment
n cannot
original rounds
douglas biber
based notion
cognitive representations
lex feature
sst process
using samples
quality across
pc 4
learning component
partial subcategorization
total sentences
inverse function
schemata may
components also
predicate holds
match evaluation
process automatically
c set
1 introduces
sl form
clause pairs
module defines
documents representing
equivalent words
verb tuples
slight decrease
two notations
e satisfies
map decision
useful notions
state machine
sun workstation
building would
act interpretation
dialogue phases
extra state
incremental generator
e dictionary
output parameters
spanish wordnet
analysis errors
nearest distances
predicates defined
linear threshold
index path
direct question
preliminary development
normal condition
example like
based channel
birth year
word crane
pair n
high dependency
trained network
collins bilingual
nn approach
wave files
statistical text
controlled experiments
known limitations
mother np
variables whose
low noise
easy adjectives
a49 a89a90
prosodic word
constructed graph
tagging performance
19 cases
japanese name
speaker expects
surface feature
preferred choice
consider speech
phoneme boundaries
whose focus
denke mal
automatic qa
message handling
typically corresponds
model assesses
knowledge repositories
initial lexicon
defined measure
see x
existing tools
components involved
situation involving
pitch markers
good answers
generating references
data streams
future system
tile sequences
following evaluation
directed arc
worth exploring
descriptive glosses
500 tokens
achieve similar
pasta dish
collocational expression
vi predicate
target constraints
parameterized descriptions
er ikke
dialogue condition
linguistic database
best example
extraction involves
searches among
one target
one linear
stl variants
method generalizes
valued grammars
population probabilities
tree bank
level would
wind statements
significant events
dependency scores
something works
bed 1998
model number
10 queries
provide excellent
time adjuncts
reasonable recall
senior vice
statistics provide
symbolic grammar
sentence compared
alshawi 1990
qlf expressions
parsing research
particular constituents
argument development
facts extracted
represents word
john makhoul
elegant solution
sidner 1990
spatial location
formal differences
variance 1
best model
gles qui
main strategy
previous house
2 rels
source phrases
syntax project
realistic manner
erro r
dialogue network
one kind
text slice
ie task
tree pairs
normal densities
english hansards
speech sequence
suite de
intended task
grammar descriptions
term containing
c system
man pages
multiple fillers
generalized levels
le phoneme
ellipsis requires
produce reliable
reach one
prediction rule
right button
shared property
system merely
ten dialogues
context switch
hans kamp
e evidence
consider relevant
main belief
since turkish
arabic word
search capability
three situation
system recognizes
lexicon rules
classify text
shorter codes
seed pattern
sample list
match value
likelihood threshold
let th
meaning process
also introduce
feature cost
commercial database
average amount
basic mechanisms
stored pattern
level linguistic
tbr english
analysis beyond
certain form
final processing
use supervised
december 1981
murder templates
baayen et
ordered dependency
several complex
general dialogue
extensive semantic
relative numbers
sense name
among event
modified word
general roles
phrase extraction
grammar tradition
actual database
phrase correspondence
iff every
major sub
first screen
list values
basic noun
figure indicates
2000 characters
fixed finite
based classifier
lose information
extended sequence
one equivalent
news summaries
exist well
specific day
effectively uses
word characteristics
important aim
sgml marked
attributes values
including x
results confirm
system tailored
speech lattices
important keywords
news paper
reasonable computational
vital importance
000 verbs
relevant english
vs non
evidence must
remaining modifiers
analyzer may
exercise since
focus exclusively
conversational moves
entry exists
another information
selected results
pennebaker et
tag value
morpheme becomes
communicative system
stack indicates
interactive classifier
mutual goal
television operations
minimalist grammars
unrelated adjectives
0 measures
type np
appropriate units
1 links
analyzer first
right hand
theory presented
previous probabilistic
proper n
new predicates
microsoft encarta
nth word
node feature
context analysis
actual move
short query
errors also
problems arose
grammar engineer
following value
generated rules
numeric labels
lexicon like
extended categorial
mean suspicion
binary feature
solution proposed
extract nes
higher absolute
test string
christian rohrer
ordinary conversation
term cannot
item x
find evidence
signature words
wtop alignment
extensive help
approaches 1
control experiments
close match
summaries include
auxiliary features
oriented dictionaries
also x
requests based
synthetic reference
sentence change
component algorithm
lexical probabilities
conditional verb
correct judgments
hajivc et
string al
tasks addressed
remaining material
agents interact
chinese named
raheb 2005
future words
acoustical pre
unsupervised machine
shallow hierarchy
kb view
eight pages
node indicate
tolerance level
semantics represented
automatic assignment
baseline recall
linguistic filter
compound preposition
step size
v det
extracted dependency
slots account
left unresolved
restaurant information
query components
grammaticality principles
unary rules
argumentative zoning
user opinions
new hybrid
four input
heuristic procedures
unification time
one bracket
user make
analytic tools
like mr
classificatory criteria
certain categories
see reiter
4 applies
ney comparison
errors involved
main hypothesis
labeled nodes
approach reported
full extent
verb lemma
intuitionistic logic
j c
model provided
differences result
company designators
parse grammars
topology sharing
likely arguments
evidential relationship
goal conflicts
candidate connections
isomorphic derivations
one fashion
temporal overlap
a1 a59
constituents may
individual alignment
manageable size
discuss whether
robust system
distance defined
please tell
fewer dimensions
c words
easier processing
fisher kernels
theory requires
different analysts
rating scales
way distinction
model looks
usually constitute
cmu pronunciation
describing word
results provided
ambiguous fragment
total sales
generation systems
independent data
mouse gestures
ibm treebank
distance principle
target vp
head item
give background
expressions following
instance role
different methodologies
five parts
given classification
systematic search
score difference
design principle
subsequent studies
words case
knowledge sources
monotonic reasoning
type tags
grams appearing
space must
current chinese
intended functionality
earlier processing
statistical metrics
prosodic event
many genres
planning language
compiled information
performance ratio
large influence
corpora tend
b results
printed versions
relative relation
constant set
field value
tile assumption
simple unification
phrase head
construct candidate
much tighter
many directions
rule represents
subject clitics
undesirable consequence
learning vector
temporal feature
governor must
input rather
den halben
pronouns like
imperative sentences
certain nlp
halliday 85
first calculate
feasible learnability
lockheed martin
pattern produces
evaluation parameters
n candidate
translation lexicon
three auto
documentation technique
interpretation routines
fledged text
hc dialogues
cold day
priorities among
version uses
first break
second item
make informed
extracted instances
indexing documents
abstraction level
occurring pairs
english bitext
system default
new technique
new cluster
bracket information
individual query
case identifier
control used
pragmatic model
identifying base
sentence fragments
space rn
current hmm
theories cannot
atomic features
analysis goes
enormous number
language translation
infer word
pps like
generated variants
concept implementation
predict user
bilingual documents
represent relative
average edge
gui components
distance dependent
true synonyms
link semantic
assuming perfect
a0 non
never terminate
associated salience
tight deadlines
discussion concerns
structure mining
cass parser
rule e
based pre
generate scopings
long query
without paragraph
difficult case
main goal
general reasoning
social effect
new column
stratified sampling
test speaker
constraints applied
items also
enhancing retrieval
qui ont
final process
contrast sets
assigning word
html browser
f items
person take
user either
likely choice
data collections
disambiguated parse
output device
traditional programming
two system
query analysis
verb complements
subsumption constraints
retrieval would
broad set
error case
since people
individual error
semantic values
several documents
separate phases
dans laquelle
object oriented
th clue
one proposition
oriented link
independent reference
charniak argues
coded form
based tests
crafted encyclopedias
initiative interactions
language querying
using ontology
hybrid sls
help construct
splitting method
inflectional pattern
acquisition experiment
dialogue proceeds
software localisation
also construct
formal lexicon
recognition without
head nonterminal
concerning gender
forward extension
canonical string
24 oct
disambiguation motivator
prosodic correlates
syntactic anomalies
k iterations
process types
pointing cone
main concerns
stylistic constituent
tag set
major disadvantages
generate non
speaker communicates
moral support
ideal summaries
case word
analyses like
associative anaphor
lsr prediction
component attempts
faculty member
x j
usage statistics
possible rhetorical
extract sets
positive reading
weight pushing
john perry
combination algorithm
link may
acpt measure
items involved
overall task
represent semantic
inputs x
thematic information
solution quality
matching strings
tags extracted
primitive actions
following set
computational system
ri ben
scene generator
p must
elliptical constructions
whose inputs
ci ci
idf model
j 10
internal agents
l action
0 r
execution strategy
related tools
threshold based
appropriate phrase
thyroid transcription
precision metrics
shared meaning
un processus
classes contain
exceptional case
another position
compression rates
tutorial strategist
fact equivalent
parameter j
target sense
classes occur
systems including
evaluation test
building rule
free data
application using
question formation
state given
precise representation
1 viterbi
arc makes
keep separate
secret service
ambiguous words
scores respectively
1 outline
paris 87
help readers
domain dependencies
output vectors
interpreting texts
terms form
prototype contains
compounds based
taken care
collection initiative
abstract levels
sibling classes
relation example
prior mucs
extra conditions
sequence processing
given lemma
ordinary users
match system
separate network
precise mechanism
systematic polysemy
makes alignment
probability according
make resolution
software requirements
meeting requirements
model 2
sandhi rules
sophisticated implementations
proficiency interview
utterance representation
expository convenience
system characteristics
backgrounded information
occurrences might
tentative solution
based estimate
capital letters
scale knowledge
predicate comes
focus instead
ibm france
always knows
full bidirectional
sample values
false entailment
aspects related
graphical tools
form grammar
tv screen
purely word
il reste
unseen texts
human agents
factors would
improved retrieval
pass method
lexicon editor
statistical data
paths connecting
yield e
specific wordnets
gene recognition
proposes another
largely domain
definition type
con un
tag system
labeled text
human conceptual
level rule
clear advantage
necessary resources
morphological ambiguities
membres de
outputs produced
value drops
initial quasi
search terminates
additional dependencies
old word
interacting protein
issues described
sequences produced
fh trees
users provided
ideas concerning
marker assigned
score components
event predication
class b
two words
cohesion relation
single steps
lunar rocks
defense minister
local text
ungrammatical strings
interface directly
referent set
either set
functional specification
lower vertebrates
markov source
afte r
focused summarization
comprehension exams
sentence matching
organizing principles
manipulation mode
phrase gap
normal approximation
field set
conditional log
document text
3 illustrate
improved feature
core algorithm
72 task
polynomial learnability
implement algorithms
hypothesis makes
old mercedes
professional english
agents provide
e tc
huge set
additional disambiguation
conjugation class
questions require
innate linguistic
sentences embedded
massachusetts institute
articulatory system
simple prolog
intonation patterns
verb modified
causal auxiliaries
decision process
derivation paths
algorithms exhibit
discourse heuristics
fulcrum ii
prioritized list
subjective judgment
fuzzy sets
associated goal
expansion mechanism
13 points
intended questions
per judge
series demonstrative
pairwise lcs
xerox corporation
ne features
definition covers
surrounding text
model knowledge
possible strings
proof would
irving bird
automatically creates
les diff6rents
spatial concept
good descriptors
using lsi
great accuracy
enough room
soit la
parser usually
ebl method
muc systems
computation may
single strategy
state semantics
method deals
morphological interpretation
separated words
boguraev 1979
audio connector
correct merges
3 p
thompson 83
engine logs
ii parsing
template specifying
various user
weak preference
tags represent
classify data
major research
topical classifiers
following options
accessibility domains
grade level
redundant states
dynamic relations
text area
computer code
unique dialogue
rule sets
using subcategorization
probabilistic versions
required iterations
context plu
lob tags
mcclosky et
whole mt
generic relation
eliminating terms
units instead
template types
state corresponding
penalty model
language service
match many
labels across
discuss one
methods work
individual category
walter daelemans
route communication
infomagnet space
circular definitions
fixed rule
name character
parser finishes
central issues
text achieves
proposed answer
valid paths
object alternation
match words
p true
additional code
associated cost
word denoting
5 routing
actual correct
inconsistent annotations
grammatical correctness
example 29
wherever possible
training curves
formal linguistic
driven disambiguation
textual functions
categorial analysis
either system
author reports
parent stack
main topic
quantitative studies
entity relationship
preliminary results
si system
structure systems
total pairs
verbs except
fundamental relations
online documentation
select articles
semantic frames
hypothesis might
gain scores
students must
causal probabilistic
representative documents
qui lui
task evaluation
test mode
different contributions
syntactic constraints
financial corpus
trace tagger
coherent set
summaries built
probabilistic algorithms
nl grammar
construct algebra
main parse
dominant senses
nouns related
technology may
manual keywords
entire analysis
l tone
phoneme tree
graph represented
l tones
different tokens
place may
coherent versus
a1 a9
writing techniques
two responses
similarity techniques
tag words
fragment 2
possible pos
contexted clauses
compact notation
k equals
index values
ample room
property would
adaptive techniques
conjunct query
rule described
correct matching
triggering environment
sense variation
improve accuracy
null glish
better approximate
also signal
10 passages
plan text
adjoined trees
collaborative research
unigram distribution
syntactic rank
first pp
mesh representations
contains 21
sequence b
mapping modules
10 nouns
hold register
bbn acfg
summit speech
high potential
cannot fly
upper node
various extensions
take care
theory could
variable reading
type proposed
source component
statistical queries
simple measure
new items
oriented view
air vehicle
source sentences
local focusing
burstein et
unseen entries
one name
instruction manual
encoding relations
type slot
every bigram
region contraction
subsections describe
simple formula
actual probabilities
level paradigm
four rules
denote p
collection effort
negative sentence
pseudo word
use pointers
international organization
argument introduced
ontology instances
miss rate
output log
relational hierarchy
techniques described
works cited
last phoneme
q duh
sont ceux
adequate framework
coreference systems
rouge evaluation
posterior probabilities
thematic position
length strings
kernel trick
two decoders
whether something
meaning structure
a7 a9
de choisir
linguistic argumentation
anaphor pair
automated analysis
radio announcers
semantic classes
main clauses
attachment tendency
strategy takes
proposed machine
theoretical justification
words wt
subsumption along
good corpus
key phrase
information ill
phonetic encoding
corresponding reference
extractive summarization
lexicographic resources
psychological reason
nondeterministic top
features marked
usas tagger
condition rule
classifier achieved
parser employed
combination function
structured hierarchical
two percentage
cluster containing
allowable tags
adjoining constraints
redundant computations
states belonging
estimated p
chinese key
project leader
report several
nogood contexts
best chain
violation type
chain length
coherent system
consist primarily
different reading
good approach
many analyses
structured scenarios
expert rules
many cues
chang topical
concise description
labels produced
problems 1
original results
field study
good state
standard ways
new predicate
input alignment
covariance matrices
following syntax
presupposition accommodation
turian et
resolution capability
bn acoustic
many researches
literal transcriptions
voorhees 2001
perfect score
appropriate terms
practical word
affix pair
rightmost derivations
x instead
node defines
iii treebanks
use bootstrapping
red car
frame match
remarque que
sentences produced
dog barked
senses might
establish connections
subtask labeling
construction c
names based
knowledge management
binding procedure
surface patterns
f type
ci est
study shows
contribute equally
temporal images
verb describing
b stands
coordinate sisters
possible means
success scores
giati technique
language universals
teacher may
also prone
gathering statistics
cannot readily
new terminology
empirical verification
np chunker
sense assigned
centering transitions
allow use
decoding procedure
distinct systems
lexical segment
common shares
riloff 96
contains explicit
construct form
complete utterances
based user
prospective recruitment
continuous recognition
outer level
confident antecedent
mds system
air froid
levenshtein edit
learning session
forest containing
form instead
antecedent configuration
interesting observation
transitive property
form dictionaries
compatible form
agents using
sentiment category
speakers tend
parsing mistakes
lm pr
footnote 16
r constraint
cannot define
parse starting
nelson mandela
coding used
ensemble method
interactive user
montagovian analysis
intuitive method
text results
recognition applications
specialized terminology
syntactic vp
contains positive
5 provide
atis relational
input query
wide applicability
incorporates three
dynamic approach
possible remedies
seven non
liang et
associated parse
english consists
verb agrees
inductive definition
reform bill
sentence two
performance advantage
op system
document belongs
second sigdial
labeled utterances
therefore suggest
old model
single goal
annotators also
clause according
ssi algorithm
20m words
output systems
either syntax
negative auxiliary
mappings extracted
purpose acknowledgements
event extraction
algorithm succeeds
business domain
four variants
accurate methods
grammar failed
bbn systems
semiphone system
models associated
new ast
usually work
tokenization stage
polynomial algorithms
like phrases
frame memory
ces derni
given content
increase k
target forms
level non
ensemble learning
minimum unit
modul e
main story
following definite
possible unique
college park
learning experiments
language preservation
entity relation
x formed
representation indicates
matching value
positive side
separate error
making evaluation
verbal category
compactness ratio
yy collocations
cambridge statistical
ti n
system resulting
rule a110
another participant
generalized cases
two women
input error
one prosodic
artificial data
ranking techniques
ai language
embedded np
paper however
sortal ambiguity
rich approach
association database
tagged information
dynamic behavior
1 incorrect
sentence selected
resulting segmenter
pattern database
restrict possible
align move
allows developers
clinical domain
given tdag
possible evaluation
existing unification
second tree
opening bracket
nominalization af
increasing level
given item
surrounding utterances
improves significantly
adjunct tree
human supervision
dialogue collections
lot example
techniques currently
matheson et
three log
2 scores
normalized text
system chasen
v phrase
lisp programmer
prior explanations
schema shown
pattern used
possibility could
classify appointment
overall statistics
marker indicating
numeral expressions
instructions provided
structuring algorithms
predictive answer
metrical phenomena
taggers assign
trees rooted
adjoining constraint
good representative
prior sentences
n categories
art np
lm interior
rule statements
one direction
build hierarchies
token form
english weather
measure performs
christer samuelsson
first pos
features proposed
new facilities
also replaces
candidate content
grained measure
straightforward compositional
software solutions
terrorist attack
result even
sentence even
user control
random condition
linear predictor
cfg whose
initial empty
noun whose
tree according
dependent way
semantic zones
arguments share
tagging tools
nouns including
interface problems
one manifestation
system created
extract training
lni n
align parallel
relational word
values taken
disjoint categories
correct documents
different relations
empirical examination
specific phrases
describe phenomena
similarity instead
adverbials like
ner using
contiguous constituents
transitive tree
vectors represent
fundamental characteristic
perform manual
show 0
word objects
matrix factorisation
traveling wave
centrality measures
adequate training
improves parsing
form filling
strict structure
target utterance
proposed criterion
handling sparse
certain state
required level
resulting translation
free relative
topical relevance
involved object
state dependent
louis des
linguistic expressiveness
n answers
efficient approach
quadratic time
cues detected
nouns appear
feature dimension
fahrrad zu
class describes
dependencies inside
pour representer
derivational history
construct connectivity
solid theoretical
lfg rules
identifies collocations
involves several
validated results
solution exists
significant obstacle
linear tags
every speech
depends also
example manuals
free association
network growth
extraction algorithm
three bins
useful algorithms
structural constraint
receive weights
machine using
high processing
domain names
derivation shown
hit e
representation chosen
local data
generic semantic
best cross
whose activation
sentence structure
either role
training loop
essential net
different clustering
italicized words
proof rule
en n
editing functions
task set
formal rule
segmentation parser
pool algorithm
parser faces
rst provides
schema contains
since color
sentence tagging
recent papers
target extraction
scope resolution
security features
illustrates tile
objet est
pm method
negative answer
working register
caller name
simple observation
category q
syntactic sense
initial non
hum vtr
excluded words
second passage
map linguistic
rate indicates
produces rules
also lacks
22 relations
backtracking patterns
chairman arrived
robust approaches
possible value
300 utterances
logical structure
recursive structures
new thing
relation operators
application developer
session questionnaire
downstream applications
generalized phrase
classification methods
vp iv
lacks explicit
whose occurrence
novel form
general named
application developers
arbitrary sentences
packed generation
words centered
action decomposition
ddq module
many mwes
types whose
statistical association
schema level
complex process
ambiguous sequences
free semantic
recognition research
much practical
meaning extension
external nodes
gold pos
performance chinese
missing category
embodied agent
graph features
eliminate ambiguity
transcription factors
tagger consists
single sample
describe methods
admire mount
john finished
predicts whether
graph also
compound nominalisation
existing databases
much attention
cjk languages
takes precedence
alternative english
hypothetical system
contains p
vertex v
contains lexical
parallel chart
cette structure
baby talk
social contexts
three systems
bioweapons program
groups could
extensive empirical
world input
one possibility
greater effect
temporal logic
principled distinction
important parameters
relatively self
system progress
modem greek
practical example
people express
dynamic version
noun relation
type dog
alliant fx
tabular realisation
many discussions
connected subgraphs
student reads
barnett et
two curves
dependency framework
systems perform
valid prefix
word modeling
word appeared
sophisticated indexing
intermediate stages
nonpronominal anchors
detailed grammar
theater name
model encodes
c call
source produces
search module
also links
phonetic component
indexing technology
input comes
statistical semantic
text analyzers
new type
syntactic governor
alexis manaster
inference machine
question immediately
selecting terms
unrelated concepts
word similarity
j contains
sound laws
assigned terms
metric aev
second meaning
focus mechanism
constituent whose
rdf schema
ace entity
linguistic grammar
ovaa73 psp
june 2004
sequence length
branching syntax
simple c
contraction set
revision mode
stratified shuffling
mutual constraints
odds algorithm
materials used
infof mation
calculus representations
two sequences
reasonable precision
equivalent feature
paired comparison
functional characteristics
singleton variables
basic css
former set
combining results
single topic
implies two
input category
tags words
training problems
term categories
significant interaction
realisation algorithm
sense suggests
document signature
items returned
integer numbers
promising avenue
technical expertise
algorithms performed
correct structure
single parse
matching set
model tile
existing generator
realistic corpus
type representing
simulated robot
web interfaces
enamex phrases
plan data
saw peter
correct tagging
propose another
chunking systems
cognitive skills
calculate similarity
first contribution
production takes
syntactical relationships
following levels
individual analyses
disambiguation occurs
mark word
four elements
font control
variation within
description fails
next uu
90 documents
potential paths
correlated frequency
c succeeds
generation resources
realistic approach
two approaches
steps include
complex matching
propositional structures
automatic grammar
merging algorithm
derived dialogue
microphone input
pp modifier
new dr
hyponym relations
essential elements
annotations include
commercial grammar
upper case
different binary
filtering condition
small p
operation selects
calculated values
results carry
defeasible laws
target head
fact becomes
es r
argument nodes
source nps
ticket reservation
linguistic unit
acoustic attributes
gap position
generative systems
output weight
collocational analyses
actual grammar
model expresses
involve using
labeled relation
prefer corduroy
distance effects
first evaluation
implicit anaphoric
patterns allow
location set
orientation values
default accent
algorithm iterates
k respectively
occurrences must
dialogue ii
subjects using
general theoretical
offer little
classify semantic
inflected languages
similar notation
verbal dependents
first option
voiced segment
rocchio method
characters x
curve also
answer prediction
personally favor
element would
anaphora within
desired outputs
building material
28 aoi3t
requirement 2
overall features
phonological description
root modification
w onto
concept structures
grosz 1981
develop strategies
verbs derived
extended features
mccord anaphora
context group
indicator variables
allows certain
generates possible
feature constraint
single clauses
seed information
reveal significant
computational approaches
exemption times
nominal ellipsis
identifies sentence
robin 1996
error handling
give details
multiple dependency
efficient version
predictive recognition
combinatorial search
multiple gene
technical help
word divided
stored information
communication theory
bake generation
independent fashion
disjunctive hypotheses
moore 2001
discourse markers
derivations derived
perform string
look quite
centering theory
parsing allows
paper covers
new treebank
entity association
actual time
phrase boundaries
syntactic generalizations
shared world
respective number
certain uses
kleene category
preserving transformations
knowledge dictionary
events correspond
denoted x
ad organization
documents using
matching system
tested methods
based tools
proposed solution
words constitute
relation rij
tutoring tool
vp constituent
value domain
targeted towards
transfer grammar
arc must
actual headline
first arc
tag sequences
procedural relations
resulting list
measure indicates
vector xt
baseline precision
czech dependency
snow learns
contexted constraints
f according
boundary labels
whose entry
much remains
test 2
performance comparable
gu et
bigram count
verb taking
extracts data
invaluable advice
different behavior
selected utterances
one suggestion
particular way
agreement cannot
position could
diplomatic relations
intersective class
several refinements
alignment becomes
immediate children
base using
conceptual hierarchy
shelf components
prolog translation
undesirable state
likely derivation
digital computers
undesirable side
tagged x
flexibility levels
like propbank
elementary predication
use expectation
6 candidates
cgu coding
large portions
continued use
retrieved case
date ranges
possible set
alternatives may
inherited attribute
grocery items
forest part
possible outputs
lp values
anaphoric expressions
pays attention
boundary may
name element
root detection
relaxation labeling
others require
get passed
best element
belief contexts
provide disambiguation
least information
human rater
specific source
one working
review previous
much quicker
temporal concepts
different proper
production rules
limit possible
timex2 val
creation modules
translation improvements
case suffix
classification approaches
semantic differences
aided procedure
optimal parameter
extraction function
context field
large coreference
head modifier
good translations
using gsearch
supporting tool
adjunct introduction
cooperative responses
specified pattern
provide part
first value
interpretive grammar
second order
geographic references
free equivalent
low f
main constraints
selected language
methods fail
python code
interlingual approach
polysemous verb
whereas semantic
frequency f
peu de
substantial differences
defining finite
pos frequency
international computers
pointer points
convey two
transformational recognition
passive recipiency
7 competition
center data
class thus
encode word
techniques offer
scope generation
language seems
frequent noun
redundant properties
multiple instances
entity labels
external text
language classes
morphological grammars
de classes
processing multiple
dictionary entry
precision may
training cases
model predicted
several constructions
rule l
corresponding sections
subject constituent
itg viterbi
processing clause
hence cannot
standard probabilistic
reading patent
ray tube
expert users
future developments
called path
hypothesis must
rules increases
name followed
reduced descriptions
chinese punctuation
john give
effective text
dominance rule
associative model
baseline subject
choice could
differences become
dependencies exist
xdg solving
constraint rules
flexible constituent
structured dictionaries
predicative tree
second involves
negative counterpart
metanephric mesenchyme
planning procedure
represent functions
called maximum
operation applied
different messages
symbol appearing
temporal aspects
phone models
group seems
b belongs
entity may
ss 1
candidates returned
identical part
conditions governing
durative aspect
language object
candidate 3
four columns
speech produced
implied information
linguistic triple
user performs
discourse using
information pieces
act identification
every mention
acquisition interface
mathematical definition
verbs within
financial officer
disambiguating senses
certain prepositions
logical extension
simplest methods
implemented parser
section indicate
1 ratio
det adj
corresponding nouns
simple transduction
facts related
via finite
pr score
brieman et
fitness values
specific propositions
jury verdict
shared background
natural interactive
matching words
normalized data
one destination
target letter
fair de
feature relevance
recent proposal
sequential architecture
whole sentence
welch algorithm
evaluate automatically
pilot testing
mental effort
start positions
given figure
generate sub
goals would
h would
features representing
way scale
lm probability
reasonable compromise
verbal heads
parsing paths
unlikely ones
patterns 1
computational overhead
efficient term
redundant descriptions
several layers
individual experts
processing limitations
represent n
premiere partie
physical proximity
specific human
based classification
7 let
basic characteristics
acceptable degree
models actually
machines corp
technology corporation
parse hybridization
constraint like
lung cancer
brackets enclose
another branch
additional reading
largest part
theory output
wordnet distance
true information
proposed herein
effect seems
group score
2 e
action de
plural pronouns
structure made
sufficient performance
facts directly
name characters
sophisticated analysis
performs consistently
lookahead buffer
told mary
use sentence
certain conditions
mapping module
disambiguated sense
actual senses
perso n
oriented part
case discussed
operations depending
knowledge collected
verbal cues
final threshold
words included
string operations
single root
mean sentence
a112 a13
erroneous alignments
formal citation
explicit markers
overlapped translation
presence would
different version
following preference
feature shows
program rina
simple paths
object b
dialogues consist
possible options
studies using
language account
word origin
case p
empirical assessment
size text
preserving translation
branco binding
indefinite determiners
syntactic forms
case lexical
concerted action
generating crs
achieve quite
instead focus
tbr training
atis common
determine candidate
sharing strategy
tag vbn
also confirm
783 words
correcting mistakes
association probabilities
modus brevis
newspaper articles
linguistic basis
predicate called
j l
mot de
operative responses
contain l
early system
proper way
death penalty
need syntactic
single strongest
standard adaptation
broad domains
parameter a35
6 note
like sentences
post processing
cooccurrence value
also confirms
2 overview
prevent evil
set sa
ask voyager
generate spurious
syntactic distributions
comparison methods
current pos
referring arguments
relevant training
nobesawa et
a4a6a5 arg
approach already
grammatical element
type exists
also remark
action identifier
temporal hierarchy
adjacency pairs
inflectional information
algorithm performs
one grapheme
data comparing
words spelled
similar content
criteria include
runs using
metrics described
semantic correlations
14 shows
quality could
global co
intelligent tutoring
ifs algorithm
human conversations
commercial dictionaries
lfg annotation
whereas nouns
syntactic parallelism
following assumption
two fold
possible markables
q w
supersense label
key term
polarity data
development costs
main constraint
place functions
accuracy higher
finite element
winograd 1972
abbreviation pairs
rough way
evaluation result
intriguing possibility
2 dominates
generic proposition
different organisms
morphological guessing
honorific case
extra expressive
following domains
decoding strategy
kathy mccoy
theoretical result
model correspond
15 shows
collocation dictionary
correct response
template representation
reduced recall
assign correct
certain translations
following call
memory organization
class share
goal tree
discriminates among
combined result
hemphill et
match succeeds
similar item
set w
pronunciations per
example generation
use temporal
sentence apart
japanese news
tense structures
indirect evidence
dutch verb
document relative
model front
results correspond
list would
1000 web
template mechanism
personal assistant
surface noun
annotator first
little effect
complete semantic
user defines
specific component
marker associated
repair pattern
intelligent information
last token
iterative process
without overlap
june 1986
appearing words
weischedel et
provides details
subject information
strong pronouns
event simulation
specific sentences
corporate home
linguistic profiling
bounded extent
generator performs
components could
mpqa data
mobile environments
paraphrasing process
parser given
channel approach
turn boundaries
new semi
indefinite singular
action word
appropriate texts
fine clustering
xiandai hanyu
content could
domain relations
logical deduction
certain subsets
subject token
redundant repetition
objects inside
president clinton
strategies presented
exclusion list
subsequent study
non relevant
response time
extracts generated
learning experiment
prosodic element
assigned zero
soft matching
interpretation z
multiple recognizers
set elements
singular case
hellinger distance
predicts using
judgment based
transfer dictionaries
results reflect
correction problem
object within
worth taking
failure detection
underlying dimensions
driven phrase
original description
sense restrictions
observations show
learning corpora
new message
pentium 4
identical manner
domain makes
methods differ
soon becomes
ainsi le
spoken input
syntactic extraction
media viewer
information domain
analytical ambiguity
trainable model
regions may
document selection
approach usually
assign probabilities
parser correctly
surface copy
form containing
local semantic
increased robustness
forty percent
powerful devices
idiom like
usage pattern
metaphorical expression
embedding operator
e respectively
without feature
machine dialogue
identify morpheme
entropy classifier
fall outside
proceeds according
gamma function
two keys
initial vertex
italian clitics
darpa score
semantic lexicon
contains 15
stw performance
l1 norm
referential properties
negation words
null guages
language pair
transliteration pairs
different term
decision threshold
hearer believe
interface terms
using tf
additional relations
specified context
realistic conditions
e ns
server using
boston globe
reliable information
sentences presented
online terminology
handling system
total memory
propagation patterns
sophisticated baseline
sense classifiers
following facts
knowledge among
valid translation
crucial distinction
paradigm example
indirect meaning
herzog et
faux amis
additional high
representation mechanisms
specific concern
two feature
average accuracies
local labels
tiger project
force research
nodes encountered
induced patterns
corpora data
le processus
comp feature
1m words
noventa e
set tr
compiled mode
distributional measure
therefore account
front page
weighted abduction
use active
slot names
soderland data
oriented manner
methods suffer
language correspondences
standoff axis
merging phase
structural dependency
green node
pertinent texts
theory formation
accuracy overall
nl server
strings method
arbitrary amount
discuss certain
pharyngeal fricative
step parsing
la demande
dependency parses
meaning games
dg recognition
verb order
semantically congruent
quality heuristic
selection context
involves five
semantics presented
length words
complement clauses
sentences cover
gold set
scenario execution
korean jet
text description
truth assignments
conditional markov
node noun
syntactic theory
multilingual communication
lexical transfer
steps back
optimal sequence
phrases leads
arbitrary pairs
verbal inflections
phonological phenomenon
domain might
complementary distribution
document may
entire group
match several
checking time
particular relevance
greater similarity
major cities
rules dealing
chekuri et
resultant clusters
e function
relation element
related measure
plural verbs
current contribution
lexicon generation
successful communication
synset offset
null label
considerable scope
lqword scheme
final syllable
main sense
united flight
concrete entities
listener could
separated feature
journal part
n matrix
matrix represent
bidirectional system
paragraph vectors
research ideas
verb involves
highest entropy
benchmark evaluation
associated constraint
two factors
based notation
last years
four teams
work include
generate fluent
large disparity
nth element
5 classifier
elements within
sentences requires
assumptions would
consistent knowledge
hansard english
score group
working environment
used roget
thank paul
b relation
techniques commonly
application depends
2 incorporates
articulatory motion
optimal strategies
white rabbits
vertex vi
sample lexicon
stress hierarchy
goal meaning
2 described
also discusses
interpretation algorithms
biomedical research
r maps
goes hand
current evaluation
end method
bilingual ldb
enough context
textract system
7th message
phonological shape
contain another
complete target
equivalence relations
symbols using
segment corresponding
close brackets
syntactic purposes
one instance
labelled cat
following problems
tests use
additive models
english token
class discrimination
conditional independence
independent status
compte de
edges labeled
actual agreement
thesaurus classes
gloss disambiguation
words common
yield another
time meaning
pos tagsets
captures semantic
syntactic head
semantics requires
cell entries
dependency lattices
john revised
kwic view
mean answer
person talking
possible role
precision metric
appropriate entries
constituency schema
keywords like
constraints require
stochastic method
precision alignments
first consonants
chinese dictionary
restrict attention
languages accepted
model include
chinese tree
using pre
contexts within
sentence constructions
first study
relations contribute
storage cost
cluster trees
either individual
curved lines
1 adj
incorrect words
mcnemar test
fill task
classification feature
clauses within
definitions without
resulting kernel
paper focuses
best assignment
grammar 4
disambiguation process
ie pattern
generation text
possible outcomes
support knowledge
told john
research applications
utterance units
collection using
deterministic parser
results include
chest x
building multilingual
document passages
class verbs
sortal class
football game
english compound
pronoun whose
linguistic issue
cut algorithm
business machine
external data
lexical processes
training terms
common fragments
temporal noun
several configurations
hour period
tense present
algorithm indicates
significant steps
linguistic ontologies
structures respectively
translated versions
default version
n corresponding
single constraints
central question
single article
rules listed
query fields
salt lake
metalinguistic sentence
word types
transfer operates
pattern a0
tagged string
extracting descriptions
indefeasible part
aggregation possibilities
evaluate techniques
constructed resources
decision regarding
small effect
denote objects
ranking mechanism
paths along
th target
one explanation
allow reliable
positional constraints
concepts field
system verbmobil
basic configuration
patterns exhibited
great improvement
identical form
regional dialects
evaluation involving
like ccg
speaker presumes
used parsing
sense associated
byte character
codebook adaptation
phrase tree
1 page
value depending
l lowever
relational suffix
also incorrect
results overall
relational operators
formula whose
fewer turns
tasks also
idf document
core components
relative salience
previous eagles
multilingual terminology
additional corpus
particular challenges
interface issues
example using
lexical db
current value
real interest
closest attachment
empirical inquiry
hyponymy hierarchy
feature structm
greedy feature
parse field
grammar condition
novel corpus
symbol systems
work section
maximal span
trees annotated
one location
unigram probabilities
level sub
algorithm repeats
six questions
alternative sets
end classifiers
french documents
selected restaurants
spurious responses
scf types
adequate grammatical
embedding preference
rules axe
argument relationship
exchange pattern
header file
reduces parsing
test evaluates
enhanced preprocessing
novel approach
best fit
concepts expressed
approach known
feature templates
compound case
additional state
k values
arc considered
clustered distributions
structure nodes
completeness result
equivalent parts
support dynamic
grammar network
one infers
dependency requirements
hypernym features
building rapid
average random
marker choice
root clause
defined notions
align j
paraphrase using
first syntax
empirical expectation
brunner 1990
conceptual correlates
base symbol
time permits
appropriate example
table interpretation
tasks involved
term records
mary asked
also knowledge
second world
retrieval run
success criteria
yield exactly
null aries
units increases
neighbor nodes
new procedures
maximal omitted
thus tile
original language
13 types
incorrect responses
lincoln program
noun else
finish room
global context
likely result
drink manufacturers
normalized relative
also integrate
levin classes
block a9
l one
selected models
rewriting mechanism
forming clusters
attached probabilities
surge grammar
concept already
corpus research
fast parser
word lattice
leaving state
wall beside
appropriate model
detailed view
services division
ontology matching
evaluation results
realization parameters
precedence probabilities
test tile
wednesday morning
size data
constraints express
strube et
theoretical results
u ur
recall improvement
utterance intentions
set ph
gisting evaluation
sense ranking
grammar refinement
ordered structure
compare performance
results section
cocke algorithm
items could
frequency estimator
quantitative study
processing pipeline
certain inference
linguistic view
wrong interpretation
dialog evaluation
goal vocabulary
precede u
texts must
programming framework
find referents
computation cost
segment contributes
section defines
unit fails
mandatory head
conll 2004
finding rules
possibilities may
functional objects
following cases
isabelle et
burch et
subordinate sentence
agr num
la raison
normalizing term
actor focus
missing template
entropy estimate
time order
highest correlation
indonesian language
dyna programs
resulting classes
like nps
single right
syntactical information
answer sequence
agent recognizes
translation exampies
large mouse
method adopted
initial condition
counts using
different texts
automatic labeling
word balanced
ferro et
comparison could
smartkom system
international conference
represent formally
extraction grammars
great diversity
trivial results
retrieval without
dragomir radev
matching sequences
five p
feature instances
svm regression
discourse roles
standard levenshtein
affix rule
model errors
interface based
c terms
ayant un
information usually
binary logistic
delimited word
eight tasks
sections explain
relative scopes
experiments section
cache component
pragmatic principles
flagged errors
strings associated
possible unigram
speaker pane
initial network
karp et
text language
lexlcal entry
ltig procedure
service center
see winograd
effective queries
implementation results
investigate near
remaining mistakes
constraints form
user aspects
hand constructed
economic class
features interact
null tables
online update
directly models
time modifier
simulation studies
phase includes
possible levels
misspelled terms
1 conference
lexical sister
based content
lexicon using
group g
pp attachments
old boy
simple past
2 person
resulting score
2 briefly
increasing values
nenadic et
nlp courses
overall co
internal objects
process increases
translation layer
african tone
nominal elements
large span
schema specifies
set covering
probabilistic relational
straightforward procedure
aluminum siding
spent five
see vendler
observable features
involve reasoning
implemented system
4 reference
fusion model
haptic interaction
distinguishing arguments
potential causes
related proposals
active models
tags including
many exceptions
np takes
256 mb
component segments
umls ontology
rating information
first role
occurrence pairs
present simple
syllabic words
building applications
l1 size
oriented answers
among objects
work beyond
changing information
management domain
monolingual settings
biomedical databases
idf weighted
situation may
known constructions
intended phoneme
ben franklin
mean recognition
60 percent
subordinate temporal
macwhinney et
coverage domain
parsing routines
a0 bd
natural expression
nc types
initialization step
transducers may
soft tagging
planning strategy
15 instances
singular descriptions
tags appear
intonational phrase
orthographic transcription
empirical method
acts upon
distinct nodes
nodes indicating
like measures
form part
index would
2004 corpus
speaker chooses
misleading information
static object
conceptual module
ii grammars
cc np
arguments need
space center
selection commands
among nurses
guide processing
l using
speech pattern
entire medline
important development
cooperative spoken
associated frequency
highlights several
single web
handling unrestricted
route sections
permutation matrix
alphabetic variants
overfitting reduction
r occurs
applicable arc
familiar words
systems tested
langage pivot
square measure
main subclasses
bottom hole
event within
metonymic use
goodman reference
theory outlined
les modules
case characters
dependent substitution
news topic
ideal goal
tabular elr
published algorithms
act would
active selection
frontier graph
baseline alignment
11 show
formal run
dot operator
aspect structure
alone produces
empirical learning
ahn et
graphs showing
simply refers
task domains
ils ne
objects relevant
current set
point value
level applications
3d animation
carbon chamber
nodes already
arie wants
stt output
propositional acts
top panel
output nodes
meanings assigned
subject john
thesis statements
graph presented
overall pattern
bracketed training
keyword type
filler precedes
harder task
underlying type
simplest feature
identical tokens
reduction operation
estimating subspace
relationships like
expression matching
equivalent concepts
relative cost
system rankings
training collection
chinese tag
whenever f
locally coherent
work environment
fujisaki et
ithis research
ainsi que
see kaplan
secondary lexicon
negation operator
exclusive alternatives
bernays class
sensitive phrase
argument relation
discuss extensions
main forms
reduction ratio
spanish documents
recency back
mentioned problem
cdg rules
mayo clinic
representation module
final input
axe stored
pronouns using
line method
recursive auxiliary
systematic relationship
thing existing
v prime
text whose
domain based
default must
quality decreases
link leading
concept sentence
integrated description
sets derived
system relied
differences affect
words intervening
negative orientation
princess lived
cochlear model
novel uses
broad range
ghz cpu
viable alternative
although translation
history table
context sizes
core ontology
limit attention
argument handle
lexical domain
candidates could
correspond respectively
noncommittal fills
representing phrasal
salience factor
ten points
properties might
contain grammatical
les consonnes
cheap features
relational composition
lsa approach
another place
simple assumptions
particular dependency
results fi
particular gene
nonstandard spellings
particular templates
within quotes
initial ideas
related use
score performance
cannot offer
expectations created
line learning
include l
sense choice
sets b
six features
combinations like
np rules
chinese vocabulary
extensional statements
structure reflecting
relevance decisions
assignment problem
causal meaning
actual transfer
ayan et
benchmark system
generalized word
fixed inheritance
detailed design
atserias et
selected target
hollow verbs
relation assignment
sentence axis
appropriate question
semantics could
l1 distance
answers rather
conversational implicature
est tr
contains objects
clarke et
context 1
morphological segments
category judgments
except tbr
segmentation methods
traversal graph
terminal point
single sense
basenp rules
one news
information depending
equipment maintenance
triangle model
prosodic objects
2 training
satisfaction inference
fet structure
imagene project
third slot
recognition allows
discourse connectives
a11 a13
questions must
classification performs
general treatment
current system
cover approximately
line 18
oldies model
select candidate
macneille completion
borrowed morphemes
framework proposed
dpl representations
adjacent tags
crossing dependencies
corresponding prosodic
wilks et
partial classification
resulting states
four runs
discourse reasoning
acquires information
differenc e
k classes
feature bagging
utterances describe
human similarity
type one
model built
processing complex
compound finites
span information
interval around
1mt set
anaphora occurring
attributes included
ignore list
advanced search
retrieval effectiveness
professional driver
extension also
mcca categories
written discourse
draw upon
screen experiment
semantic rule
language lexicon
analysis methods
different confusion
n translations
pico format
quality output
michael halliday
single standard
continuous development
deserve special
basic objects
baseline error
attached targets
blue book
system converges
government officials
called frames
information exchanged
multimodal module
datr sentences
physical activities
remaining c
data l
terminological information
np like
useful relationships
model switching
theory developed
express things
knott 1996
tractable way
analyses using
inheritance type
answer task
precision improved
comparative complements
useful computational
interpretation engine
give shorter
expressions differ
simple transformations
automatic design
debugging facilities
ranking candidates
intuitive justification
lascarides logical
rule per
promising since
plan proposition
work goes
unseen document
corpora consist
rules constructed
act intr
system resolves
cases except
procedural texts
tile event
one communicative
length sequences
garcia arregui
shallow distributional
infl word
dictionary software
national corpus
britannica online
nlg component
next dialogue
information known
bayesian classifier
status within
constituent outside
intensive system
grained level
haji et
tipster templates
gram generator
favorite music
4 pl
standard treatment
constant terms
particular instances
source corpora
explicit editing
among contexts
fire alarm
second algorithm
next symbol
5 deg
np referent
combining language
figurative language
drop verbs
previous pass
original paper
legal case
large complex
wer gain
xsl stylesheet
tes de
complex verbs
arguments like
complex tense
bo pang
simpler structures
includes instances
percent confidence
simply needs
grand challenges
termination criteria
excluded cases
three dimensions
utterance might
short training
parsing l
disjoint subsets
input f
reads quickly
litman 1985
label b
objects instead
generalization hierarchies
sdu boundaries
mw units
specific instantiation
restriction also
speech requires
high threshold
results generalize
best scoping
inconsistent values
results back
every tokenization
le mode
line 5
human gold
three reasons
left frame
template morphology
approaches use
language properties
chain returns
slots unfilled
similar proposals
evidence used
pp interpretation
allow people
roger evans
similarly define
new implementation
syntactic filters
500 sentences
analyzer reports
entropy 1
morpheme graph
storage location
two kernels
models take
size less
rare constructions
right data
optimal solutions
edit entry
dialogue summarization
measure correlates
see tile
either perform
le laboratoire
define semantics
alpha probabilities
details see
sources listed
treebank project
frame structures
pair instances
f assigns
way task
ambiguous parts
representation specification
sample rule
arto anttila
real user
grammatical contexts
significant sample
word arc
standard gradient
two humans
quantified terms
news story
distinct text
behavioral rules
human assistant
immediate reference
belief strength
pairwise probabilities
tile purpose
database rather
accomplished causality
one concept
vocal folds
ordering dinner
rich source
obligatory contour
flights fly
features provide
kernel model
aspectual information
context plays
transduction approach
major anchors
neutral way
heart failure
although people
include notions
communication within
rule z
projective arc
distinguished variables
les alpes
lexical production
dialog fragment
data clearly
summary tasks
words rather
finite contexts
steady state
compiled knowledge
text summaries
broad terms
single frequency
ace 2003
left wrapping
basic similarity
semcor collection
possible domains
correct erroneous
indiana verb
well ms
phrase occurring
larger error
weak word
diagram 1
mentioned features
string becomes
sense detection
relevant grammatical
find values
reordering restrictions
legal argument
complex interplay
biological names
different indices
core denotation
generation projects
step corresponds
description provided
spoken conversation
strategies available
projection principle
output text
e feat
input includes
eric ringger
speech context
role ambiguities
verbs occurring
coordinating conjunctions
gather data
systematic relation
2 l
alternative training
emiel krahmer
testing system
sentences revealed
paradigmatic cascades
hou approach
gisting system
head languages
bring much
external semantic
every domain
south coast
term collocation
specified information
two parts
function get
japanese templates
wn distance
include counts
two windows
structure since
filtering scores
limited set
computer science
per pos
dialog system
extraneous noises
used support
sentenceextractor module
patient diagnosis
simply allows
retrieval applications
number 1
local name
orthographic case
explicit connectives
following terms
important trend
standard practice
scientific theories
typing speeds
schemes like
effective semantic
comparable task
predefined order
dp table
use graph
annotators could
known phenomenon
causal opposition
transcription word
denote variables
appropriateness specification
separate sets
one pa
computer must
smoothed counts
pass search
tag trigger
term translations
ldc catalog
overall context
la plus
order description
white square
strings u
e ci
p r
many subtrees
within k
description des
intrasentential candidates
events represented
space used
successive tokens
produce descriptions
words 4
prediction menu
every candidate
3 project
statements would
modality units
lower node
syntactic devices
code used
related annotations
approach via
parse base
sentences available
set t1
several frameworks
valid kernel
head respectively
case assignment
pragmatics module
system combined
individual indicator
practical effect
segmentation approaches
probable words
last string
arabic speakers
much progress
given keyword
parts rule
experiment b
process flow
action operators
procedure would
good sentences
rules might
time stamps
feature occurs
target ne
second languages
prototype natural
alignment method
learner module
wc describe
role interpretation
benefit significantly
initial research
example dialogue
three point
language engineer
lexical ones
clause structures
filling tasks
available translation
integrated language
preliminary semantic
r processing
corresponding actions
codebook size
also tile
phrases separated
rate remains
following fact
specify tile
features one
common structure
active participation
association link
tense sentence
studies show
processing results
information manipulation
dictionary feature
detailed matches
initial approximation
also label
class np
se n
drive shaft
related synsets
one ranking
based chart
make inappropriate
offer advantages
advantageous properties
labeling scheme
analogical matching
thank walter
similar nature
j v
ii est
head path
tone 1
system means
prepositions used
saving space
manual search
become president
free rewrite
beesley 1992
strict ambiguity
divergence problem
work effectively
bunsetsu unit
performance evaluation
thematic knowledge
duration constraints
american english
parameters need
dump format
production probability
simultaneous equation
enough information
original models
physical realization
traditional hmm
basic genotype
labelled dependencies
model constructs
tag indicates
schematic derivation
argument selection
works satisfactorily
type phon
component would
mostly verbs
ineffective translation
box 90153
activating object
scheme called
vocabulary growth
images may
architecture supports
generalized model
candidate keyword
n clusters
sentence takes
similar order
operation part
enforce agreement
rare events
remaining consistent
simple notions
treatment must
distinguished attribute
related services
complete n
catalan research
become difficult
form form
200 units
german allows
normal training
performance tends
lower frequencies
resulting case
efforts towards
identified entity
target length
abstract word
generate english
type continuations
efficient human
state a105
large documents
mutually disjoint
disjoint clusters
testing words
simulate various
adaptation process
successful reference
describe patterns
program system
scores would
treat multiple
clause delimiters
fields within
class predictor
accurate reflection
3 types
la presence
weight indicating
model effectively
embedded infinitival
enough work
sentence discourse
related works
completely cover
translation proceeds
physical sciences
nonrestrictive modifiers
infinitival complement
readable version
one wordnet
integrated puns
lfg generation
option 1
labeled n
optimum chunk
verb attachments
mark johnson
fast system
remaining paths
people must
inra corpus
brief zusteckt
304 examples
property holds
ne information
appropriate chain
manual development
overt subject
train data
textual q
simple counts
data requirements
first preference
multiple times
great advantages
noun constituents
tile upper
john system
global interactions
pairs identified
assessment phase
stable set
approximate representation
domain texts
chain rules
text region
sophisticated notion
muc data
current understanding
approach given
reports good
crf framework
a3 a55
build noun
division point
second function
ts possible
meeting context
generate scores
23 times
plural discourse
positive sentences
underspeci ed
analyzed dependencies
automatic opinion
semantic non
online communities
size may
descriptions extracted
possible problems
text models
sw set
knowledge obtained
argument may
three text
elements among
derivation object
every production
tile conceptual
larger category
since google
toot corpus
size first
general dictionary
potential actor
sentences syntactically
le fun
cannot describe
approach implemented
general tree
previous definitions
analysts scored
building educational
final rules
a1 a24
dans de
descriptor phrase
relations respectively
andry et
th n
convolution tree
renaissance man
generating process
strategy helps
every saxophonist
following phone
training word
mass change
norbert reithinger
error condition
hidden unit
target monolingual
constraint resolution
translation query
developing methods
w based
substantial improvements
context without
value given
xed window
retrieval research
possible successors
max spoke
lexical signalling
rule frequencies
representation p
abstractive closure
response containing
form categories
unsupervised technique
resulting argument
semantic slots
structure data
explicitly state
gene products
sequence np
nondefault argument
proposed revision
des modes
decadt et
30 sentence
first assumption
4 sections
tense auxiliary
known paper
chinese parsing
1 therefore
complete constituents
performance deterioration
analysis lexicons
rule yields
expert using
following issues
reserved word
relation contrast
combinatory grammar
first buffer
sem value
defined kernel
discourse depends
cover also
identical corpus
morphology may
grammar grew
byte characters
common persons
structural change
among variables
template names
different source
node p
settings described
np md
cases still
short sequence
random partitions
using tools
content representations
coreference relationship
third columns
treebank pos
experiments focus
contributions include
category matching
matching cases
reasons explained
first call
derivational morphological
standoff annotation
english alphabet
cn dictionary
empty space
detailed part
edward barton
led displaying
organisation des
experimental condition
extracted verbs
temporal logics
regularized parse
interest us
correct record
linguistic signals
human studies
actions needed
determination task
tile preceding
integer n
direct attachment
000 runs
semantic stages
annotated examples
line thesaurus
value matrix
since rule
system arc
r b
labeled constituents
available referents
linguistic part
markers generated
filler pattern
makes training
standard dictionary
ale grammar
4 nouns
standard tree
next show
bezug auf
cubic complexity
language frontend
correct discourse
axe performed
global information
visual images
threshold r
pupil initiative
spanish pronouns
following corollary
coordinate group
intonation construction
test section
recursive expansion
structural tier
speed could
test provides
largest corpus
traveling salesman
np annotation
becomes sufficiently
collocations within
approaches works
written interaction
usage information
rules derive
paper reported
identifying antecedents
narrower range
tense active
heterogeneity measures
classication accuracy
minimum distortion
adnominal constituents
following decomposition
phrase parsing
oriented corpus
weighted kappa
alternative parses
spreadsheet program
thumbnail sketch
stylistic knowledge
answer questions
nlp researchers
automatic disambiguation
patterns describing
bottom part
tour de
response cannot
briefly summarize
single utterance
term clusters
simpler tasks
3d motion
pages 9
minimal user
giancarlo mauri
several kinds
correctly identi
word representation
bei der
represent arbitrary
month condition
line recognition
straightforward strategy
strong discourse
center agent
phrase hypotheses
follow arc
always applies
oriented approach
particular genre
output utterances
automatic part
qa problem
null ent
heuristic relies
demotion parameter
present status
naive coder
costly task
order events
elements occurring
investment plan
limited syntax
best grammar
relation inside
term significance
proposal concerning
french deconverter
items x
different propositions
acoustic constraints
formal grounds
source expressions
context classification
side would
available list
feature compared
word mechanism
view one
optimal features
john reads
account may
optical character
subjective nouns
alternative sequence
second traversal
utterances per
actual part
utterance based
previous planning
cohesiveness criteria
authors wish
pascal rte
hand term
paraphrase alternations
first loop
analysis software
segmented spots
proper antecedent
closely corresponds
tectogrammatical level
rule produced
pronoun else
also inform
one addition
substantial proportion
good meal
linguistic realizer
typographic errors
different human
indicate object
earlier rules
certain predicates
finding anchor
estimation formulae
structure found
possible ancestor
approach examines
schwall 1991
joint venture
answer snippet
dialogue macrogame
ldoce contains
longer pauses
uses much
combined description
null gorithm
news article
uses short
similar evaluations
organization allows
times taken
query tools
value corresponding
information criterion
following presentation
major causes
two bags
english paraphrases
feature equations
john thinks
null therefore
pentium ii
relation consisting
many decisions
occurring structures
lexical entity
functional types
coverage nlp
dialog understanding
e est
anette frank
string yield
describe concepts
detects syntactic
speech commands
schef er
translation variations
contains variables
oriented behavior
iterative verbs
transition definitions
product announcements
formes de
state morphological
prosodic variables
assigning correct
dba outputs
hidden senses
jurafsky learning
verb ambiguities
possible cases
class rules
tile explicit
decidable fragments
decision rules
c word
use verb
10 news
pair occurs
pairs seem
general meaning
see haji
features depend
older people
clausal ellipsis
traitement de
xquery implementation
word water
500 nps
phrases chosen
quantitative domains
polite form
annotator variation
larger number
level combination
semantic eld
common extension
partial content
complex input
belief representation
vector represents
optional features
sgml mark
pmcfg g
thesaurus would
precise term
transfer part
predicted chunk
particular abstract
classroom instruction
using classification
orthographic properties
error propagation
maria talked
dependent processing
english speaker
misspelled word
meaning elements
functor category
important resources
voice system
chart edges
current levels
viterbi word
relatively theory
new taiwan
based proposals
universal properties
long sequence
every elementary
rus parser
constructed language
acquire patterns
sentence complexity
appropriate cross
based theorem
shaped path
control domain
direction towards
low kappa
national science
events also
crf training
previous objective
constraints state
rule encodings
individual strategies
closest neighbors
news clipping
describe aspects
huge collection
chance agreement
one modification
conceptual characteristics
vowel quality
resulting lexicon
mapped question
global precision
cook melted
ontological class
aspect constructions
bell laboratories
verb respectively
feature change
aot3t 1992
b gives
cases necessary
training event
compilation techniques
reasonable analyses
la connaissance
immediate help
verb interpretation
right association
cheapest fare
converges quickly
two modules
les agents
summary sentence
detecting repairs
least number
th hypothesis
entropy classification
relevant node
phonemes using
sharing constraint
standard meaning
la d6finition
algorithme de
hpsg treebank
methodology involves
combining models
cyclic derivation
expressing relations
intended information
n symbols
tile character
gap statistic
system implies
la specification
database query
bad style
cat infl
weight learning
among types
learnt using
limited understanding
ou bien
choushoku na
monotonic nature
gamma cosine
mother loves
rule 7
arcs representing
yields optimal
translate fairly
appropriate distribution
triphone systems
lexicographical work
da labels
un lex
users understand
whose output
position immediately
events involved
7 errors
words query
correction methods
cf ranking
examples without
multimedia system
gestodene c
data supplied
different organizations
expansion term
events across
calendar system
coreference relation
million sentences
help automate
standard spelling
de constituants
relation variables
grams found
active agent
rules based
dollar shake
measuring performance
last category
binding constraint
linguistic analyser
alarm rate
pronunciation corresponding
chinese efficient
multiple places
type logical
left argument
roth generating
narrower terms
postedited output
minimum pitch
labels x
200 relations
anaphora planning
cumulative reading
composition languages
support incremental
le 2
french counterparts
speech induction
identification codes
generation may
tf x
christine nakatani
separation file
direct link
forward probability
separate parameter
session 1
scheme described
dialogue sequence
training example
file size
homograph number
behavior observed
recognizer may
intentional states
input parameter
positional head
increase translation
cooper 1983
considers whether
verb function
variable binding
structure generated
positive sentiment
drosophila genes
ss 3
reference items
multiple mentions
dative alternation
rule compiler
symbolic approach
query classification
feature subspaces
main cause
pattern transfer
occurs quite
wordnet definitions
annotator assigned
sentences x
gives evidence
without hesitation
pronoun outside
arity n
like em
previous tags
test environment
distinguishing multiple
automatic manner
surface orthography
first member
ignoring case
exact definitions
deterministic methods
assumption cost
right labels
classification hierarchy
exchange information
offending clause
rf approach
increasing difficulty
recursive graph
gary hendrix
information given
students wrote
neither type
selected n
next future
dialogue strategies
single child
scientific method
performance system
night football
function given
nurse abstractors
boy likes
asw parameter
lexical workflow
general nature
journal corpus
additional phrases
5 letters
inflection errors
patterns 3
one conclusion
vector f
system outputs
structural matching
coverage machine
wrong object
measure p
arrow points
boolean algebras
consumer health
unsupervised morphological
6 feet
takes advantage
grammatical unit
note 2
tirst step
cases within
incorporating wordnet
incremental algorithms
investigates several
level english
ideal way
discourse interpreter
translate well
tdd user
asr component
future event
general introduction
subcategorization tags
analysis indicate
basic attribute
cause many
day prior
segment lengths
phrase detector
accent placement
phase h
performs favorably
fluency evaluation
information correctly
deterministic fa
general order
static properties
pairs together
resulting stem
channel source
truth chain
building specialized
sequence like
concrete information
good sign
handles one
resulting descriptions
investigating architectures
clear understanding
different possibilities
final line
units might
subsequent phrase
trec environment
j 7
je l
information matrix
recognition routines
telephoned yesterday
deductive parsers
structure merging
id attributes
edge linking
standard tag
every entity
initial formula
proposed hybrid
context inheritance
functional schemata
preceding sentence
accompanied motion
space travel
brown et
approximate matches
since non
g believes
different estimates
turnstileleft npc
core group
interesting things
tactile pointing
indirect interpretation
complicated task
senseval exercises
tables 2
helps identify
hierarchical plan
veux que
tone classification
difference lists
categories without
level scores
reasonable compositions
architecture allows
author writes
mercer 1987
temporal localizers
introduction speech
possible range
structured form
perceptual images
composition function
indicator code
observed responses
wrong decision
legitimate message
chieu et
tabular representation
extract entities
evaluation scenario
composite labels
dependent process
data fragmentation
calls routed
category even
different communicator
limitations due
name instead
polysemous nodes
image schema
annealing algorithm
grammar simply
first transducer
performance benchmarks
language updates
two neighbor
process toward
three data
frame determiner
grammar analyses
temporal characteristics
arpa human
single backward
basic types
evaluation language
phrase planning
dtrs axiom
harrison wanted
dictionary defines
standard order
following de
flickinger et
check tile
1 pp
terms identified
markedness theory
existing translation
000 derivations
restrictive interpretation
weighted coverage
public access
boys eat
becomes applicable
shafer theory
published descriptions
converted data
also thank
generate e
different weightings
standard vocabulary
amit dubey
another adjective
active n
tactile activity
chunk parser
good pairs
combined language
tile total
nymic output
useful work
many paraphrase
work closest
group included
10 ranking
arabic grammar
students learn
event occurring
null ence
genomics track
given interpretation
symbol nodes
microaveraged recall
apply part
line graph
standard interfaces
every lexeme
element holds
exactly fit
communicative event
like memory
three combinations
another page
systems discussed
acceptable performance
right linear
collection consisted
way also
letter words
wit h
sentence elements
crl ne
carberry indirect
microsoft office
matching terms
three days
frequency statistics
category structure
new ds
user specification
two mechanisms
linguistic bias
coordinated noun
final annotation
information corresponding
score without
process might
trois lois
cfg parse
function corresponding
meanings associated
improving information
multiple views
category tagging
list without
single letter
backward procedure
subject number
dramatic results
table tells
developing spoken
avec cette
right kind
preferred language
maximum fertility
concepts without
full templates
proposed cluster
specific corpora
main processing
given path
use log
two noun
linguistic form
pattern cannot
natural english
chunking data
je translation
central database
logical elements
less labor
data indicated
clausal rules
initial english
spearman rank
discriminate senses
nli software
w prime
focused goals
using tfidf
mean log
fast access
identify words
implementation language
time interpretation
corpus e
data per
whose patterns
mathematical statistics
oz experiment
important reasons
acl 2006
annotated images
intentions underlying
upper pane
edge cover
complex ambiguity
shared arcs
bound mt
relation weights
speech information
input provides
parse without
mutual beliefs
match word
student asks
rules create
quality annotated
independent classifiers
wsj training
memory cell
time parsable
given function
learning processes
sets share
word candidates
new structures
solution 1
paper offers
way across
german prefix
ordinateurs personnels
weight associated
sentence annotation
automatic bias
family relation
tagger initially
algorithm prefers
extract co
candidate affixes
terminal leaf
interaction level
ten miles
english teacher
approximation algorithms
different baselines
term encoding
annotation layer
names used
runs performed
contract number
collocation function
art munson
four men
boundary location
individual decisions
member verbs
translator work
spontaneous utterances
editor window
analyze texts
observed phenomena
strong interaction
initial scores
news shows
relevant occurrences
identical collocation
svm implementation
hypotheses ending
feature matching
parser accuracy
four dialogue
overall information
lexical similarities
patienten die
main tier
four roles
extended information
ranked list
main step
holding battery
called lexicon
feature map
many problem
decomposition algorithm
ranks tests
actual form
ranking stage
dialogue task
pattern cvcvc
bus routes
paper combines
allowing constituents
grammars typically
j g
apparent anomalies
deterministic approaches
eacl 2006
software available
logistic sigmoid
following word
every answer
selected hypothesis
supervised task
instantiated templates
general methodological
common constructions
linguistic categories
cover additional
usual strategy
word index
requirements capture
algorithm remains
original generative
relational similarity
life sciences
system reads
three queries
system incorrectly
nouns preceding
similarity relations
buckwalter transliteration
1 strings
debajo del
queries involving
en bloc
spn multisets
law enforcement
weighted features
conclusion could
tree already
entity location
whole systems
classes given
desirable properties
dominant approach
possible terms
right bracket
whether discourse
end byte
pronominal reference
axiomatization u
feature detectors
der mann
automatic pitch
structure labels
null proforms
details must
unique meaning
analyses show
improvements possible
state update
important clue
ended text
subscripts indicate
student assignments
description includes
riezler et
signature transform
one proof
k would
representing john
grand cas
needs nothing
segmented text
links extracted
14 times
planning constraints
shorter units
automated classification
gustafson et
native arabic
n accuracy
state machines
excluding words
modular organization
right fashion
general observations
task decomposition
final decoding
complex rules
x corpus
system increased
hypothesis document
morphological paradigm
hierarchy represents
variation rules
smaller data
constituent parse
based evaluations
loss due
text outside
stored knowledge
left stem
wordnet tags
hundred sentences
use systems
best agreement
existing boundary
place prior
cognate pair
often corresponds
points may
considers one
tailored letter
dynamic creation
extract synonyms
recognize entities
bus stop
island constraint
certain pairs
strong preferences
english number
orthographical features
producing surface
miss errors
feedback cleaning
actual categories
chinese languages
distinguish reliably
phrasal lexicon
sections 4
additional source
class annotation
explicitly taught
200 messages
options presented
adwait ratnaparkhi
subordinate verb
rank value
remove noisy
yahoo korea
reports accuracy
extensions e
large constant
independent concept
domaine des
two event
failure results
predicative functors
sentences vs
linguistics methods
frame learning
external functions
second difference
either word
project murasaki
lag behind
wa20a0a28a27 a17a23a22
representation resulting
require manual
every machine
information contributes
lexical expansions
structure dominated
graphical illustration
tim finin
child learning
statistical reports
order variable
include algorithms
engcg tags
current individual
tests suggest
following exchange
case normalization
among members
indicate greater
certain predicate
huge word
exhaustive listing
crossing depth
user recognizes
high ambiguity
fits nicely
readily understood
input subtrees
evaluation relation
general disjunctions
cognate identification
relaxation approach
first perform
treebank representation
process proper
next decade
actual answers
morphotactic adjacency
semantic idiosyncrasy
full proof
selectional constraint
basic insights
similarity might
4 prec
graph rooted
bresnan et
parser identified
whose fingerprints
homogeneous clusters
singular subject
strong hints
corpus composed
based preprocessing
corresponding method
contains eight
consider splits
relative participle
express co
constructions need
main process
count nouns
final class
syntax based
input sen
argumentative zones
often function
clusters represent
features mark
near zero
information defined
previous implementations
form independent
global fom
different nps
short questions
koomen et
embedded pushdown
522 words
frequency features
null strings
existing file
object np
sophisticated user
therefore non
unit 2
arc used
tasks could
rhetorical structure
agreement conditions
kilgarriff et
constraints must
voice access
translation english
compression method
two treebanks
rate effect
group common
current problems
candidate referents
given list
precedent sentences
case types
parser comparison
incident occurred
2 z
1 parser
generated transcripts
statistical classifiers
knowledge possessed
articles provide
text gives
length five
one minor
helps parsing
287 q
theorem 12
using content
basic means
via inheritance
2 v
establishing correspondence
previous action
duc scores
phrase coordination
good discriminator
six kanzi
classes corresponding
solving tasks
considerable body
phrase corresponds
new ground
x th
alignment graph
bob kasper
finds words
higher co
platonic universe
module automatically
arabic dictionaries
constructed models
simulations run
context unification
module m1
common events
robot assembly
document viewer
terminal labels
unseen articles
increment ratio
cohesion constraint
dot indicates
give performance
values must
sparseness problem
lies behind
communication protocol
properties similar
wicentowski et
candidate fixes
70 dialogues
domain recognizer
links represent
logic system
manual corrections
np resolution
world using
morphosyntactic analyzer
grams may
important text
unique nature
network size
ontology population
distinct labels
bunrui goi
occurrence expressions
vp 2
intuitive results
many top
parameter th
random training
computational purpose
output semantic
narrative nodes
shallow types
email threads
many features
understanding proceeds
lava fragments
translation scores
varying complexity
situated dialog
subject marker
parsing score
extragrammatical input
system understanding
pattern candidate
alignment parameters
parsing algorithms
infinitive activity
overall mle
new bootstrapping
frequency across
two birds
shallow techniques
empirical justification
bulk data
metalingual definition
newsletter corpus
model considers
null straints
goal freezing
consecutive pairs
jackendoff 1972
digit generated
candidate list
grammar called
p a0
smoothed frequencies
user intention
consists exclusively
grammar specifications
probabilities along
current developments
bilexical context
handle queries
large constructions
lines show
nps without
main idea
headword bigram
strategies outlined
null pos
possible anaphor
notable improvement
grammatical agreement
better precision
parsing schemes
limited domains
trajector landmark
rule learners
text constitutes
20 queries
japanese span
similarity approach
disk space
syntactic groups
mode predicate
slime oozed
word le
different measures
size n
argument n
spontaneous queries
call r
e sur
17 sentences
simple algorithms
paper present
filtering criteria
one table
notation given
involves lexical
tokenized words
word morphology
propositions containing
concept appearing
also nd
reasonable definition
condition c
patterns use
interpreting speech
categorial calculi
brief overview
appropriate database
algorithm discussed
gram estimation
inference technique
communication partners
pronominal accessibility
second degree
string wl
annotator reliability
output may
renaissance technologies
los angeles
simple filtering
grammar represents
put another
contextual inference
transcriptions may
emphasis placed
events relate
different amount
wide variation
learning domain
bayesian classification
morphological base
representations derived
6 texts
estimates parameters
punctuation signs
simple node
intonational model
best labeling
procedure generates
semantic variability
school students
research described
unparsable inputs
human cognition
random projection
average sentence
data yields
reduced error
million pairs
first terms
following example
maintains high
42 points
referential expression
network within
therefore find
clear preference
query content
standard parsing
tom ate
individual questions
swimming pool
response form
prepositions occur
predicate constants
correct attributes
shows results
shorter phrase
small contribution
possible decomposition
grammar partitions
representations necessary
understood metaphorically
subject says
knowledge pool
following model
label verbs
relative frequency
chooses among
weather prediction
relevance judgement
engine takes
feature selected
additional component
ldoce file
visual programming
understanding error
word onto
semantic sub
different paragraphs
syntactic completeness
wine glass
whether organism
based ir
either event
ocr errors
new theories
similar situations
regular parsing
patch templates
across sets
additional sentences
second components
inchoative alternation
important aid
adjunct components
x uses
lexical matrix
constructive type
novel sentences
process based
words begin
brent et
based keyword
semantics outlined
lower recall
la construction
swartout et
little cat
methods correspond
separate task
1 evaluation
extract context
distinct nouns
constructions like
component generates
hovy 2002
im walde
performance levels
object mapping
represent dependency
focus must
receive high
first fact
assigning senses
continuous text
new tasks
sensitive model
clausal elements
level overview
treebank syntax
every chunk
controlled machine
strategy adopted
darpa common
prominent within
row recognition
grained wsd
grammar follows
vform passive
smixut construction
concept vectors
good improvement
somewhat harder
similarity comparisons
information seeking
argument constituents
gram backoff
using k
german preposition
labelled relations
alembic phrase
eat mice
average lookahead
one genre
uncertainty scores
chunker yamcha
das heidelberger
drinks beer
words showing
verbs participate
64 bits
completed action
immediate plans
confirmation feedback
generalization hierarchy
baseline f
intelligent knowledge
one derivation
values true
paragraph text
recall becomes
processing language
uses transformation
single processing
terms refer
cache memory
derived tree
basket mining
estimate whether
models designed
smoothing options
transducer f
specifications must
senses used
output target
strategies developed
acoustic utterance
traditional pos
user profiles
time dialog
particular da
assign part
three settings
toy example
paths within
similar ambiguities
fundamental principles
nlp processing
family may
two agents
reduction constructs
references within
incorrect parts
question therefore
parsing states
individual constants
semantic schema
pattern changes
preference violations
architecture shown
st one
lexical semantics
lower computational
starts looking
final syntactic
multiple verbs
similar languages
tools exist
pragmatic issue
extracted rules
tion system
categorization information
pr newswire
compound subject
uniform weighting
feature structure
transcription scheme
ti occurs
evaluation models
specific speech
approach simplifies
conceptual objects
condition allows
horacek 1997
following bracketing
a16 a27
called quasi
dependency pattern
field model
olo podr
theoretical models
1 represent
alignment paradigms
csr research
weakly relevant
significant generalizations
fused document
zu lieben2
induction techniques
help overcome
serve well
additional possibilities
performance curves
looks llke
therefore generates
parameter ab
population mean
clustering tree
stochastic search
word inflexion
classes defined
inheritance networks
allowable alternations
cutting plane
web ontology
adds nothing
tile effect
suffix trie
2 yields
e would
focus minimum
bear et
articles using
representations within
functional representation
marker usage
initial e
grammar f
cannot think
single step
simple states
role determination
nodes appearing
analysis indicates
czech verbs
card conversations
er rechnet
graph representations
a1 a19
annotated dialogues
complementary strengths
based learner
simply counts
three labels
represent instances
statistical ranking
method within
stem transformer
n children
similar attempts
task aims
a10 a16a18
definition 5
xslt stylesheets
crucial task
observation vector
henceforth call
1 value
sentence syntactic
user characteristics
tell action
units must
german translation
alternative versions
similar interpretation
naval warfare
authors may
different document
jaccard coefficient
church 1991b
occurring sentence
quant adj
regular papers
execution process
acquire sufficient
vocabulary distributions
annotation proceeds
total efficiency
matching modules
people mentioned
hierarchical dirichlet
narrative text
schematic structure
english transformation
60 cases
possible assignments
threshold a0
parsed brown
sciences de
car loan
great wall
null evaluation
english stylistic
spatial description
al item
genitive subject
thompson et
semantics developed
dictation systems
first locate
identify sequences
complex elements
general background
research framework
four ways
extraction rule
repeated elements
np generation
estimation errors
constraints play
dfki project
modules except
judged incorrect
robinson 1982
knowledge spectrum
e linguistic
segmented data
identify related
classification module
sound classes
des synonymes
express relationships
using entropy
naive subjects
japanese complex
grained score
bank bracketing
tasks requiring
gram level
dependencies established
postprepositional feminine
text constituents
readable source
projection binding
number k
general bilingual
local fas
2000 tokens
forty five
filler information
context 3
identical phrases
internal representation
expletive pronoun
unix machines
contextual symbols
makes things
possible segmentations
dialog policy
engine like
generative semantic
locomotion verbs
practical techniques
evenly spread
representing paraphrases
discriminative techniques
domain axioms
traditional means
object like
particular documents
generation functions
given values
whether w
attachment frame
rule adding
anaphors generated
template based
extension could
important utterances
voir aussi
different experiments
several sample
similar function
answer returned
applying simple
1 percent
relation extractors
automatic high
statistical relevance
idl formalism
generally means
cfg constraints
frequency lists
optimized word
edu abstract
paraphrasing rules
contrastive use
complex annotation
three sections
problem raises
conceptual similarity
familiar terms
randomly assigns
analysis chosen
using transition
disambiguate verb
confident predictions
semantic applications
10 test
autosegmental rules
role identification
entire content
disambiguation program
mechanisms usually
final probability
via unification
called rule
complicated features
original hypothesis
expectation relation
planner may
ie modelling
sophisticated tools
require much
perfect alignment
latter tends
acts theory
contribute information
shelf tools
following question
gate system
secondary school
derived meaning
insight behind
situation instance
lingual linking
component plays
order w
system originally
elements marked
special constructions
marker introduced
1the notion
labelled corpus
spurious concepts
much money
chosen among
otherwise fail
closing gesture
typical expressions
honorific expression
ventura hall
fillmore et
elliptical vp
experimental english
tense verb
word names
final segmentation
content organization
vocabulary extraction
error scores
documents describing
models become
weight parameters
every solution
returns multiple
candidate values
columns describe
path containing
three nouns
v r
first collection
three simple
smt approach
average answer
purchasing agents
important relationship
restriction could
null value
participating models
training scheme
remaining list
individual features
a32 a18
let cs
various situations
word red
covers many
dallas mavericks
spectral difference
reasoning steps
sentence probability
system directly
variable used
janyce wiebe
german onsets
preamble words
several parse
geneva airport
true positives
presentation purposes
tutoring dialogue
frame recognition
contingent relation
context supports
mapping types
disambiguation takes
topic stamps
typographical conventions
efficient dp
many parsers
plans also
x must
process large
class svm
large library
per le
26 letters
word listed
baseline prediction
complexity remains
forms share
nlp process
trees include
competition probability
temporal objects
kld based
fewer restrictions
descriptions related
disambiguation tool
smaller semantic
news manuscripts
string associated
significant subset
inanimate nouns
structures would
grammar described
subcellular localization
using chart
ground instances
discursive objects
hmm classifier
bracketing information
jensen et
space consuming
sentence segmentation
language speci
handle semantic
base management
straightforward way
developed rules
knowledge components
calzolari et
first presentation
posteriori probability
local news
generation direction
en valeur
suffix indicates
2 occurrences
complexity cut
local classifiers
rates could
th dimension
3 candidates
driven navigation
simplex np
approach applies
ature structures
extracting paraphrases
limited cases
analyzed corpus
sample applications
phrasal rule
joint research
hearst 1992
xslt template
xra plus
also display
plural masculine
corpus training
200 texts
answer pattern
pseudo senses
semantics literature
stage analysis
object slot
asymmetric entailment
possible de
prince 1981
lambert modeling
de school
application order
human consumption
end result
contentful conjunction
solving acts
sufficient contextual
matching word
extraction paradigm
parallel decision
detailed corpus
present illness
various ambiguities
attribute specification
relationships using
reliable clues
initial sets
using figure
five types
two mappings
top twenty
referents exist
much contribution
manual text
cosine value
njfun uses
several clauses
choices per
module resolves
matrix defines
original goal
semantic grounds
word problems
dutch language
linguistic corpus
lm adaptation
product operation
student model
semantic family
hardest problems
various languages
grained states
diagram 3
operators may
biological texts
translation e
analysis capability
maximum type
accident scenario
dependency relationships
specific strengths
particular structure
node n9
normalized location
elements participate
ldc annotators
150m word
markov processes
optimal context
textual span
later steps
general algorithm
turn lead
twelve fifteen
linguistic approach
kn smoothing
nist chinese
table would
right direction
donne le
another lesson
1 versus
parsing case
links words
n items
forward application
digital system
java travel
global acoustic
methods section
temporal pps
take courses
passive feature
specified number
train name
une certaine
parsing engine
focused constituent
sense usage
pairs according
basic representation
scoping problems
isle project
news summarizer
completing incomplete
analyze human
matches found
content specification
agent types
combination fast
dependency context
obtain correct
number 3
desired word
par des
resource requirements
wsj csr
various attempts
top candidates
good match
show significantly
ratio threshold
discourse management
textual fragments
hmguage model
based shift
automatic corpus
research training
figure a5
compatible pairs
primary constituent
cat root
classified information
last operation
like interface
system ranked
clause recognition
speech signal
japanese documents
lowest value
agr per
two decades
connectives presupposing
r0i 1
common discourse
des processus
finds sequences
concise way
group rather
false accept
stem weighting
e expressed
simple case
process texts
semantic research
word units
tensed verbs
present method
aspectual perspective
word extractor
typical implementation
correct segmentation
automatic approach
start point
restricted matching
total sentence
noisy input
observed feature
steedman 1985
langage engendr
speaking rate
segment continues
charniak 2004
model negotiation
3 bedrooms
review board
estimator based
automatic side
lc rules
pairs match
cf derivation
pure syntactic
thompson 1980
representative sample
substantial research
spill beans
standard algorithm
combining constituents
12 j
clear cases
number measure
thus represent
several references
focus confusion
specific mention
usability studies
connection entropy
text formatting
description section
extended dialogues
actual state
separate questions
line search
trigram perplexity
mixture model
must access
flat structures
synthesis technique
challenging test
generate l
spatial language
nominal anaphora
input questions
march 2004
visual analog
advanced language
translations based
1 system
np using
language 4
tiered structure
obtain probabilities
functional definite
translation f
similarity must
bill intends
kodiak knowledge
marking boundaries
edges whose
collaborative filtering
speech string
true label
tone 3
modifier position
detailed comparisons
rigorous definition
possible word
machine dictionary
exhibit similar
template calls
use made
current terms
analysis possible
je les
dictionaries provide
stream model
boolean variable
social norms
um livro
good memory
architectures cannot
parse k
relevant relationships
serve also
add part
log energy
cascaded hybrid
following character
correctly parse
useful summary
utterances following
medical lexicon
access strategies
group 4
20 nouns
another resource
specific interface
sense id
one distinctive
combine n
labelled version
another piece
context refers
existing object
robust automatic
5 figure
column 5
grammar framework
japanese analyzer
reported differences
state operations
grammar currently
3 note
component without
greater coherence
bigrams involving
ontology like
initiative strategies
lexical translations
data required
preposed subordinate
two p
powerful rules
short lists
null set
arguments using
transfer approach
irregular morphology
harrison et
jackendoff 1983
following operators
token pairs
results varied
scu weight
modifiee constraints
link labeled
structure defining
thousand sentences
discussion groups
important relation
high pr
best matches
database called
medical malpractice
monotonic interpretation
sharing occurs
large archive
stop system
related values
transcribed input
simply specifies
incorporates ideas
translation equivalency
acyclic finite
existing algorithms
graphic information
adjacency requirement
algorithms exploit
corpus l
options available
resulting formulas
article extraction
modular construction
dominating constituent
lm key
e rule
compare figure
predecessor state
yao ming
first decides
feature algebras
every vowel
word stage
evaluation procedure
get hurt
common morph
larger scale
option 3
verbal features
18 subjects
task model
phrase representing
next item
one span
rule learned
using tipster
original sample
existing node
change across
put things
existing schemes
functional areas
second edition
approximate phrase
work perfectly
character language
suitable level
initiate repair
european conference
turing method
linguistic files
lexical cue
largest source
arm reports
estimate using
proper structure
defining formula
deal wilh
post slot
computational lexical
grammar statements
8 percentage
ten percent
language network
de pied
additional measures
lsa vector
main groups
method 4c
limited range
syntax model
visual attention
verb pair
small study
decreasing importance
run event
representation automatically
step one
first sketch
relatedness metrics
independent test
task similar
cost cost
candidate classes
treebanks available
domination links
called non
allows tentative
order attributes
generally implies
monotonic function
multiple input
growing algorithm
suggests using
demonstrates two
z scores
descriptions including
morphosyntactic description
input coverage
japanese structure
weir 2001
generalized parallel
domain driven
let ei
translation sets
overriding default
function symbols
geht es
focused information
de suite
local ranking
theory postulates
general interpretation
japanese tagging
frames involved
natural framework
orienting relation
terminal name
robert f
term pairs
tree expansion
combine constituents
gram translation
null system
1 words
assign categories
computer center
even split
frequency co
source domain
inducing translation
following chain
enable information
routines associated
certain match
frontier nodes
length word
original topic
pinyin codes
tree via
erlbaum associates
lkb solver
semantic functional
parser interacts
stop consonants
verb identification
type classification
program performs
correction capabilities
results make
processing models
primary information
language expression
assignment feature
per names
fragmentation method
original parse
navigation tasks
maximum stack
ibrahim et
former example
equivalent effect
research institutes
based interpretation
measure similarity
schemes using
tag p
expressions correspond
one man
previous heuristics
song et
resolve certain
augmented text
linguistic uses
raw templates
crucial problem
among candidates
represent abstract
evaluation metric
names occur
subcat value
context c
aspectual marker
matching example
label np
state sj
movement verbs
13 cases
whose presence
predicting word
electronic dictionary
frequent types
hypernym x
explicit treatment
nous appelons
lochbaum et
features alone
noise due
compositional process
stop words
pass language
locative interpretation
better modelling
conventional mdp
masayuki morohashi
obtained promising
physical property
based path
occurs rarely
prototypical use
general function
name disambiguation
send mail
experiments involve
best disambiguation
evaluations performed
unresolved problem
spectral analysis
contradiction detection
ptgc system
sag et
level routines
claims regarding
world reasoning
current phone
two composition
social relations
computing technology
phrasal non
acquires knowledge
wml expression
based maximum
kim sang
system problems
infinite summations
formal proofs
system several
expectation may
first retrieves
context needs
hierarchical representation
macular degeneration
individual parsers
eindhoven corpus
2000 corpus
interpretation fails
new interpretations
et non
itg parser
student correctness
long lists
character whose
component sub
word phrase
implicit spelling
whose start
tags added
work either
performance factors
phenomena must
tile similarity
direct consequence
tone sandhi
replace words
direct impact
commerce frame
decreasing plausibility
document relevance
graph branch
ambiguity type
evaluating dialogue
also seek
literature databases
main conclusions
terminological knowledge
kevin knight
move may
required slots
f conf
existing states
appear without
people gave
actual uses
gram counts
sentences provided
restaurant reviews
case representation
laser printer
50 questions
idiomatic process
logical formulation
blank line
features performed
corresponding bag
generate another
string u
desired model
score measure
shieber el
phrase indexing
provide students
include descriptions
distinct functions
certainly cases
identify factors
trees built
achieve perfect
imperative sentence
people refer
work stations
following assertion
previous analysis
access task
interacting constraints
end results
selecting correct
detection test
superobject n
arbitrary pieces
complex syntactic
tense systems
chart generator
control semantics
assigned correct
chinese nil
su ces
results manually
procedure recursively
particular response
ist eine
evaluated results
user feels
unfilled slot
show different
items 2
predicate pi
units considered
also operate
trained parsers
edf thesaurus
words f
error e
base dictionary
set eg
verbal sounds
base tree
lenient antecedent
two subgraphs
snow architecture
first word
contrasts two
goal analysis
contextual predicates
ent models
null words
taku kudo
noun frequency
abstraction layer
system units
structural annealing
grammar training
character shape
global perspective
roles given
nucleus a5
applicable terms
process easier
dictionaries using
eight systems
approach made
tipster technologies
identical sentences
extract information
related frames
axies may
separate features
better summary
levinson et
14 verbs
cursor movement
process model
amd athlon
input features
bound machine
ambiguity rates
criteria leads
sponsored tipster
acceptation problem
input also
alignment search
agent theta
output functions
logic il
print dictionary
scan driver
property sets
domain di
basic understanding
tiny fragment
cornish word
attitude report
represent something
verb love
sonance hierarchy
schematic description
pronunciation accuracy
operation must
leftmost node
temporal quantification
higher constituent
15 verbs
boy ate
n type
distinguished descendant
current collection
superposition spaces
potential recall
f2 node
composite ili
disambiguating prepositions
similar values
many goals
sentence window
metaphors involving
preceding verb
events could
ensembles de
core tools
society technologies
nouns denoting
counting co
rules r2
abstract loci
given pair
word range
two characteristics
gliozzo et
context allows
aligned units
contrastive estimation
improves performance
one complex
ou par
assigned probabilities
possible model
useful category
present particular
1 percentage
reasonably accurate
infinite string
automatic holder
aspectual knowledge
pie parser
lp condition
recognition score
ontology editor
simple properties
em framework
000 surface
perfect bipartite
recognition algorithms
foltz et
topicalization rule
one area
supervised parsers
extract compound
variations across
grammatical dependencies
classical vsm
word replacement
single cd
computer experiments
linguistic conditions
biography text
rule interactions
positive stories
bbn n
formation component
scored sentences
separate room
free proof
provide estimates
models whose
extra clausal
individual forecasters
system policy
property described
point indicates
tws method
problem arising
current presentation
closest approach
related classes
analysis mechanisms
one achieves
final exam
discourse tree
2 months
reader understand
techniques available
temporal inclusion
speech acoustic
left unfilled
turn around
computational characteristics
researchers attempt
learning machine
bounded dependency
full matching
bear upon
tree expanding
entity templates
row vectors
original story
st left
problems suggest
lists associated
form phrases
special interests
h refers
meaningful statistics
initial training
funded project
first exchange
translation framework
normalization system
java speech
simply accepts
common hypernym
candidate pair
following scheme
multiple vpe
number c
paper relies
a3 a5a7
early example
set theory
sonorous consonants
chunk sequences
following cross
divergence heuristic
document q
bisecting k
using prefixes
maximum match
gazdar et
stage one
software developed
detail shortly
related object
terms according
fergie wants
probability vectors
2 weeks
grant ist
textual documents
source collocations
expressions include
crucial features
grammatical part
vehicles international
different corpora
object instantiations
evaluation gives
er noun
label predictions
e non
polynomial number
vincent van
require specially
important selection
strategies 2
additional marks
fractional count
simple descriptions
increased complexity
word tagger
machine interfaces
march 1986
phrase components
elements representing
sets like
flip side
adverbial locutions
independent clause
session 3
much water
basili et
problem without
english intonation
languages make
corresponding test
associative link
rules operating
speaker wished
important semantic
conceptual types
lexicalized rule
combinatorial explosions
a8 a10
finite part
hour course
phonological constraints
scale lexicons
order strategy
intervening segment
cognitive system
symbol may
sticky ink
semantic combination
level l
uncertain pieces
accuracy could
derive word
user compliance
possible bracketing
center ranking
speech mode
compatibility check
periodic component
domain database
create virtual
type notation
pages 17
categorical variables
word might
database described
original root
exact copies
slots called
head would
great benefit
perform well
node attribute
builds new
fl c
produce summary
carroll 1997
1 mis
communicative effect
produce paraphrases
integrate features
subject register
research requirements
domain used
grammatical code
several constraints
building intelligent
graphical object
output constituents
terms match
necessary inferences
19 senses
biological weapon
preferences concerning
excluding cases
around w
unclassi ed
6 morphemes
shows promise
little morphology
diversified corpora
appraisal theory
sentences 2
appropriate grammar
e base
acoustic processing
standard implementations
prolog dcg
language family
express information
h une
several inferences
negative data
computer database
goto 1
arbitrary domain
star operator
noun subclasses
remaining classes
constraints mentioned
response files
leaves verb
topic respectively
dialogue breadth
data consists
spoken dialogue
internal coherence
template model
predicate co
direct answers
find non
computer used
web group
topic interpretation
enough knowledge
common elements
target slot
sag 1980
taxonomic relations
thus words
differing amounts
argument fillers
shin et
discussion regarding
underlying theories
false presuppositions
quality label
perform full
information engineering
8 topics
neutral viewpoint
approaches try
translingual speech
indicate non
semantic formula
significant potential
three functions
systems making
named objects
traditional syntax
manual queries
polysemous target
x act
holder identification
des moyens
importance weights
national bank
independent derivation
listener feedback
physical meaning
node types
suitable translation
algorithm moves
34 times
word a30
actual translations
would state
average interval
whilst still
also represent
domain parallel
noun forms
taxonomy learning
grammar predicts
element represents
higher information
main verbs
human body
conventional methods
adaptive model
active constraint
contain common
familiar word
constant element
strategy adaptation
declarative model
includes verbs
controlled translations
r np
parsing consists
lower precision
appropriate unit
restoration task
label like
dictionary reader
z represents
completed arcs
patterns retrieved
decoding step
produce error
produce short
heuristic applies
papers present
single male
special variable
curly brackets
techniques work
brackets around
inadequate since
entities included
lexicon management
estimation problem
lingual retrieval
four key
symbolic component
thompson 1988
state networks
supervised pcfg
direction assistance
discourse meaning
national center
million pages
asymmetric relationship
user typologies
category ambiguity
considered subgoal
verb increase
whole point
150 rules
bracketed recall
two conversations
least square
bond issues
context appears
videodisc images
tipster technology
pages returned
best basenp
art named
battery low
conflicts arise
privileged position
indefinite object
stone time
user modeling
module deflnes
muc 97
failed cmpt
learned strategies
data comprise
highest score
tree headed
marcu 1997
phrase analysis
conversational texts
keyword totals
nhan discovery
times corpus
multiple rules
combinatory form
empirical results
first example
ultra enterprise
segments per
composed lcs
textual structure
system constructed
tile plan
express universal
unique interpretation
np anaphora
way could
element e
imperfective verbs
choice points
synset x
grammar parses
relation disambiguation
categories c
manager must
antecedent relations
systems automatically
another parser
specific vocabularies
mechanism proposed
per phrase
transfer must
class using
aligned phrase
abstract objects
hirschberg 1990
best express
em training
decision using
np symbol
various values
21578 text
z e
first model
first determine
highest node
improve reliability
task operators
different designs
processing procedure
yield information
5 demonstrates
relation part
machine acceptable
viable approach
parsing architecture
language variations
senses occur
idiom depends
kernel svms
thank barbara
journal sentences
automated theorem
learning criterion
physics tutoring
four sources
phonological constraint
plan modification
requires subjects
necessary constraint
surface schemata
object exists
complete dependency
represent single
gordon et
dependent arm
certain expressions
source sentence
corresponding portions
integrates two
new recognition
particular constructions
act generator
specific processes
systems consisting
athlete ran
2 consists
dominating x
jii pyx
meronymy relations
ones might
based likelihood
important kind
prosodic morphology
viterbi beam
translation training
principles underlying
approaches combine
study like
algorithm ensures
next tree
null ments
underlying motivations
condition l
preliminary way
correct root
small increases
syntactic tags
previous experience
strict implication
since muc
time ordering
high resolution
simple architecture
running program
time differences
perfect scores
subtle distinctions
ac corpus
relation checker
speakers agree
full documents
base order
character models
labeled dependency
words currently
koreannews2002 collection
0 mean
subsequent question
simple computational
easy means
pragmatic ones
hypertext links
reporting event
harvard square
relational view
score c
rosetta team
explicit evidence
different stories
second disadvantage
following element
3 units
takes value
noun instances
dependency information
experiments could
results appear
grade 4
extended viterbi
weight search
bilingual web
objects explicitly
separate lists
concepts c
second group
clause verb
broken randomly
system perform
hand segmented
constituent forms
phrase starting
branching compounds
right neighbour
person fictional
verb lexicon
ai researchers
cation framework
intonational prominence
triple co
case matches
e generates
observed patterns
redundant specifications
parses returned
plural anaphoric
compound category
past trec
binding process
people want
bit higher
technique discussed
states traversed
practical matter
dependent hidden
november 2004
a0 a4
arc bindings
attachment would
whole text
taking values
highest frequencies
r need
identity checks
stack mechanism
a41 a42
corpus supplied
potential realizations
binary branching
set fill
des contraintes
evaluative adjectives
jmdict file
antecedent might
resulting network
cg rules
free derivation
versus bottom
discovering relations
reasonable task
negative attitudes
pattern given
tag followed
achieved improvements
conferencing connection
based investigation
specific mt
collocational pattern
look promising
matching character
parametric type
efficient speech
terminal yield
identification system
uses higher
logical implication
involving coordination
towards establishing
appropriate senses
replace operator
activities involving
organizing principle
several web
p cannot
headless noun
fewer parameters
like president
different reordering
n distinct
mapping mechanism
associated verbs
precision coreference
software registry
sample english
color saturation
scheme also
vodis prototype
use text
transfer officer
perception without
recursive transformation
task discussed
formal training
beautiful girl
syntactic mapping
score reflects
tell whether
cell carcinomas
inventory size
severe time
practice coding
hypotheses according
relative processing
appropriate granularity
multiple variants
unification predicates
simply states
unit provides
adjective complement
sequence using
rasta considers
military simulation
categories allows
cluster pairs
dna sequences
extralinguistic knowledge
entity coreference
dec 1995
see dorr
linguistic significance
crafted knowledge
treat language
relative change
random node
solving situation
planbox 0
usual sense
improve learning
ordinary dictionary
dialogues typically
memory system
quantitative model
ordinary tree
rule written
chandrasekar et
dowty et
specific pieces
generating rules
restriction patterns
normal pattern
following onset
systemic systems
company name
resulting expression
cannot claim
combined strategy
unknown pns
b shows
another evaluation
n according
considered languages
static network
explicit meaning
labeled instances
resources exist
second field
barnard et
final application
conditions also
dialogues conducted
smaller n
manipulation methods
cannot constitute
teahan et
central issue
handling module
pv identification
appropriate alternative
percentages shown
bayes learning
best trees
effect comes
sound linguistic
causative use
support system
proposition 5
line resources
quantifier q
representation combined
experiment investigates
system combining
common attributes
definition verb
discourse involves
item set
open track
ob ject
slm toolkit
ending word
current word
intenslonal logic
java interface
following characters
word version
predicate requires
equipment type
reasonable decisions
original constraints
original article
lexical route
segmentation module
students interacting
broader spectrum
case dependencies
extensive id
lexical affinities
edt system
experimental framework
sufficient level
virtual pronoun
applications based
appropriate basis
selection operation
assigning part
one researcher
scale factors
question processor
described object
shifts occur
interpretation error
variables b
false detection
particular events
several sense
portable system
xoa similarity
alone cannot
deep representations
representation means
model lm
model feature
system enables
verb stem
two series
example tree
chart c
black circle
full structure
short context
phenomena considered
single threshold
distinguishing description
tile attribute
information accompanying
reduced f
opacity element
familiar example
covers several
pos ambiguity
contextual predicate
french tenses
achieves slightly
analysis module
relevant work
briefly touch
r rules
prolog programs
lcs lexicon
problematic class
affixation patterns
horizontal position
verb would
training speakers
gives details
wmd domain
processing thread
kaufmann publishers
general grammars
sense description
recognition engine
including system
drs containing
error criteria
perspective allows
last section
risk function
second meeting
human names
one appropriate
pattern corresponding
first question
realization relation
target users
morphemes according
prior sentence
regularization process
several standard
vocabulary size
arcs labelled
false conclusion
mary b
performance indicates
one descriptor
elementary rules
users could
head rule
involves making
optimality theory
significant step
annotated seed
class bits
learning solution
second array
tile scope
main bottleneck
question set
structural ambiguity
type describing
using ir
another value
search index
crt display
cette analyse
word based
results indicate
predicate context
lowest levels
simple phrasal
basic domains
help system
text article
delay statements
humans tend
kernel grammar
antonym vector
native language
using keyword
rs tree
backtracking parser
translate spoken
fin 2
compounds containing
information security
online learning
manual selection
functional units
atomic label
one protein
training contexts
alternate word
method significantly
numbered roles
identical pairs
algorithm making
initial requirements
yarowsky algorithm
unmarked ones
tile types
given lexicon
different time
input pcfg
although improvements
current exchange
v j
verspricht tree
manual semantic
thought language
22 programmes
60 word
sentence rank
font partie
purpose chinese
5 iterations
x sentences
gram kernel
particular population
grants rgc6083
adjunction operation
number etc
sen tence
standard grammars
languages including
different speech
similar pair
cbas rule
identify parts
a0 v
related case
new situation
relations expressed
people learn
optimal position
focus vector
selecting relevant
question fragment
mixture distribution
program modules
big fat
3 phrase
structure suggests
computation times
121 nouns
entropy estimation
largest amount
slight difference
systems exist
name tokens
example passage
dialogue presented
small domains
les variables
clustering algorithm
analyzed phrases
diacritization procedures
relaxation component
svm learning
event svc
evaluation scopes
linguists use
flat learning
metaphoric extensions
many benefits
composition would
mrs constraints
strube 1998
van wijngaarden
1 call
canadian hansards
term according
hansard bitext
functional cf
form component
subordinate nodes
set fills
stock phrases
msa verbs
objective classifier
systematic way
trains dialogs
use since
personal proper
abstracts retrieved
possible chain
alignment results
partial translation
gloss vector
form sentences
expansion experiments
rule fails
000 roots
j aist
8 examples
internal units
next morning
arbitrary sentence
pie system
german negra
japanese counterparts
partial path
storing information
spelling rule
noun modifies
original xml
word term
specific domain
constituents even
test narratives
linguistic phrases
vectors p
social science
branching subtree
translation sequence
good friend
flies quickly
previous cycle
video scene
algorithm automatically
identifying frame
lexicon tree
infinite number
include pragmatic
different segment
sgc algorithm
occurring verb
island fragments
original constraint
equality reasoning
compact lexicon
including words
81 sentences
unknown subtrees
software provided
new graph
possible collocates
frank keller
conjunctive phrase
rules document
distribution vq
negative association
pleonastic pronouns
verbs provide
graphs produced
measures difficulty
providing correct
speech performances
utilisation de
saturated relations
shared material
external arguments
term match
special procedure
collocational context
g2 iff
repeated references
context contains
one tenth
using kl
scope among
clause ts
query keyword
scope order
algorithmic parameter
china lake
user studies
minor variation
multiple elements
error training
500 randomly
5he problem
appropriate agreement
various decision
system guided
resolution system
challenges include
calculate term
many disfluencies
parentheses may
homonymous words
protein terms
alternative modes
classifying words
dialogue requires
zich ervoor
word segmentations
elixir contains
parse paths
mce criterion
loop continues
etri pos
number estimation
frame systems
bitam models
interpretation differs
flights leave
new parameters
mixed sentence
analysis remains
computing program
helping paradigms
keyword method
conventional software
infection infection
main input
current event
covers cases
english section
probabilities derived
also words
remaining case
selecting senses
multimedia presentation
additional experiment
order clauses
assigned senses
sign means
speech 2
10k training
overall performances
mary ate
relevant subject
semantic specifications
rules r
generated tree
stylistic parser
pair hidden
global operation
resulting query
maxent framework
together imply
syntactic slot
form predicates
heidelberger stadttheater
estimates made
additional corpora
several transitions
subsequent morphemes
21578 data
link two
given stem
called sub
document coreference
gene name
used tf
based frames
belief justifications
generation methodology
entropy learner
normal context
accuracy decreases
composed vector
segments produced
two moves
goals described
feature takes
underlying learning
quality chinese
parasitic gaps
patil 1981
richer rules
franz et
matching scheme
sag 1988
avoid generating
multiple annotation
lattice built
consider pairs
later application
process operating
downwards collocates
next modifier
successful method
phrases created
plural anaphora
comparable information
cases like
abstract plan
hav e
a0 node
independent ie
new theme
inference operations
limited word
frames presented
di ers
ensemble models
genus disambiguator
central server
negative labels
formal notions
application function
occur towards
ensure efficient
term memory
hotel name
starting position
mail system
uniqueness principle
current example
rijsbergen 1979
systems division
represent documents
camp system
basic problems
parser operations
il faudra
evidence erij
relative times
tree ts
dialogue context
second paradigm
steady improvement
hpsg theories
phrase one
forms like
first character
expected frequencies
level grammatical
lazy weatherman
major computational
develop compensation
pattern defined
sentences processed
special kinds
overlapping annotations
many retrieval
ne label
two objects
splitting procedure
association principle
test topics
nouns consisting
question words
successful learning
top range
stage classifier
literal meanings
time would
sentence fred
candidate stem
one response
morpheme combinations
per anaphor
one push
among intentions
list composed
one chapter
tag assignment
verbs one
sentences carry
represent two
noun occurs
features describing
group distinction
speech knowledge
taking account
linear notation
newsblaster data
sampling strategy
computing discourse
texts ranging
include requests
though context
counts collected
produire des
supports c
contains units
queries may
knowledge expressed
distribution g
tremendous progress
pn belongs
communicative contexts
text tj
following parallel
ici de
several fronts
candidate would
variable bindings
17 pages
based classes
interesting interactions
mrs constraint
gram score
type 3
closed test
approach overcomes
known constraints
ranks 3
focus movement
movement rules
evaluation exercises
distributions p
promising method
concept nodes
whole data
artists agency
bar shows
coerce relation
german equivalents
linguistic act
sound rule
takes words
network planning
direct approach
denote relations
inflectional morpheme
parameters determined
duc 05
task 1a
treelet smt
summarizer based
search directly
adjectives ending
faculty members
selected instances
becomes long
student said
blocked node
update unit
global optimum
separate pattern
used performance
chemical weapons
german case
transitivity constraint
documents come
structures induced
determiner type
longer path
another fragment
np every
prefix features
use typed
vi systems
basic units
prediction algorithms
pinyin strings
6 document
e without
compound heads
whose construction
trec topics
les types
challenging area
range dependencies
group ii
layer approach
use data
emotion modeling
classes seem
content codes
sentence w1
linguistic encoding
morphological generator
turing test
dependent rules
information items
n operations
new composite
obtaining word
us department
examples shown
reverse effect
main np
systems rely
five candidates
avoiding useless
j 4
several subclasses
semantics construction
probabilities within
aspects concerning
class symbol
story representation
middle subsequences
human reading
danlos 1987
tuesday morning
typical tasks
different strengths
similar differences
full response
naive way
null ness
poor anaphora
accurate modeling
intensional definitions
two pps
japan admires
language english
many adjectives
similar segments
exceptionality measures
link structure
sentence along
whose orthography
system based
names containing
term pro
compute tf
different guidelines
brief comments
cove r
include common
system asks
phonological forms
textual description
represent even
clear word
make efficient
attributes described
30k sentences
similarity estimates
paragraphs 3
defeasible rule
possible cross
another system
types except
arpa speech
lvc paraphrasing
12 neighbors
technology workshop
label class
japanese writing
extraction applications
6 r
reduction methods
ter meulen
often encounter
u means
obtained translations
parallel rule
lower rate
constituents spanning
planning process
pairwise similarities
instance variables
small units
source positions
standard components
local derivation
recursive partitioning
task element
internal phrase
exactly matches
partial list
strongest form
single adjunction
document genre
model performs
approach since
respective methods
attentional focus
strategy within
several forms
based decision
chains consisting
tagger provides
examine three
available slots
two modeling
percent incorrect
denotes two
hansards bilingual
clustering function
presidential elections
200 nps
particular interests
english h
rough characterization
constraint sources
pairs becomes
atis task
acquisition accuracy
footnote 2
section break
culminated processes
suffixes may
f1 measure
two similarity
containing material
analyzer designed
relationship must
words sequence
impact line
based account
example involves
source counterpart
combination generator
contain thousands
weights may
many extra
annotation sets
existing computational
instructions could
starred node
spectral coefficients
dative clitic
name starts
mahalanobis distance
user types
input space
phonological parallelism
primitive relation
describing trees
single generic
animate subjects
verb rule
slant grammar
assertional language
information al
iff one
pcfg derivation
boy saw
value since
quality comparable
wordnet using
unlabelled material
ambiguous contexts
distributional properties
low information
reasonable coverage
solution involves
symmetrized alignment
frequency information
physical world
add state
formed query
processing strategy
useful discussion
using thresholds
produce analyses
trees represent
different mention
systems instead
participant may
computational modeling
microphone adaptation
objects must
nearby phrases
fl contains
lip ontology
word gaps
simple requests
factor formula
indicator phrases
a117 a79
discrete random
particular program
tl context
variable a149
interesting work
sense whose
derivations using
text shows
hard tasks
corpus frequencies
combined parse
maxent training
advisor finds
linguistic source
inferential mechanism
hidden state
typically use
information compiled
standard propositional
bai 1998
local consistency
younger dyads
constructions using
map l
la touche
tagger errors
metrics work
use found
conceptual representation
task portability
form ccg
symbol n
realization may
corpus yields
related properties
eval set
oov recall
transformation phase
extent parallel
annotation described
analyzing text
multiple class
memory access
values r
named types
discussion period
individual pronoun
syntax driven
important functions
contexte naturel
one technology
errors include
briefly present
case names
observations lead
relational dependencies
viewing text
first determines
categories shown
preferred topic
one constant
lsi space
prolog query
major phrasal
behavioral sciences
stylistic value
two gold
ccv conversion
stem lexicons
pronoun forms
wednesday night
good job
two contexts
generate concise
phenomena mentioned
preferred parse
name might
data token
per term
ucc node
varies significantly
exhibit quite
automatic source
systems applied
2 annotators
noun adjunct
new incident
within classes
weights sum
japanese nn
higher bleu
e sub
train classifiers
computation structure
6 database
generative phonology
new verb
openbaar vervoer
cannot work
example 34
multiple environments
string search
wi r
preposition whose
main tool
weak consonant
gallier 1986
important generalization
particular ambiguity
among relations
procedures called
extraposition phenomena
using giza
genabith et
plan derivation
correct sense
solved clause
vp spine
responses based
whose points
improves classification
higher rate
end language
composition rule
antecedent must
assumptions described
online thesaurus
test software
tag similarity
similarity vector
action taken
classes together
avons pas
given tl
idiosyncratic syntax
achieve near
edges covering
gemini parser
distinguished subsystems
line text
lian bang
degraded performance
genonic mixtures
particular discourse
one description
eleven words
combo system
tipster program
horse past
set size
tseng et
marine corps
two equilibria
useful operation
relation established
manual alignments
node representation
classic k
verbalized form
communicative plan
english conversion
overview see
clearly fall
latter feature
system better
human relations
sherlock holmes
way split
decomposition would
principal reason
stochastic language
potential subject
help make
tm model
classifier significantly
model defines
abstract types
lexicon involves
deindexing rules
particular conversational
machine readable
strong sense
qa patterns
pp modifiers
sidner focusing
small drop
constrained grammars
ddd system
limited model
european union
word inflection
two minutes
temporal sequencing
n ranging
smart retrieval
achieve state
processing hypothesis
kanzaki et
clustering phase
bandwidth analysis
subj auxl
technical result
grammatical relations
complex application
adverbial satellite
method obtained
text frequency
disque dur
class 0
hierarchy also
remaining properties
essential property
decipherment problems
3 messages
sophisticated use
time tl
selected antecedent
two contingency
sdc values
system decides
single parent
read sentences
research objectives
basic phrase
derive lexical
measures would
remain limited
modal expressions
entities rather
structural elements
complement verbs
byte code
v link
support either
van berkel
reliable piece
correct governor
string begins
parse shown
bootstrapping algorithm
verb paradigm
name corpus
u value
smoothed precision
rhetorical annotation
indexing purposes
initial wp
general ontology
1000 rules
corresponding result
fallback strategy
modern chinese
outputs include
jose mercury
product reviews
pos annotation
structured sentences
kerpedjiev et
semiring parser
native models
term representativeness
primary mode
environment recognition
lhe system
tag contexts
based identification
every girl
utterances rather
values used
recognition consists
best approach
language experts
multimodal representation
german lexicon
thematic system
continuous functions
negative causal
considerable confusion
sentence transitions
context translation
decisions could
representative subset
distance method
cause us
hungary data
first scheme
lower error
deductive closure
explicitly encode
best state
object using
generated modifier
superficial differences
characters represent
matching characters
real situations
readable corpora
larger problem
possible conjunctions
set within
sample sets
various segments
results demonstrating
tiered discourse
chance conditions
rosetta system
index paths
see vijay
word entries
rather use
human voice
system calls
distant positions
main rules
frequent candidates
given rule
examine various
abbreviation expansion
text producer
basis kernels
null cases
machine languages
news groups
hardy et
structural annotation
standard cosine
better readability
obtained clusters
readability score
volume 31
subject focus
clarification dialogue
provide separate
surface syntax
library science
contains relations
step 1
domain speech
class ao
16 cases
known sense
theory parser
html markup
meaning extraction
john chen
right arguments
3 version
vendler 1968
pour autant
distance learning
previous classifier
turn reduces
chung et
reference pointers
temporal representation
lemma lemma
au village
clear example
annotation framework
seeking process
marker selection
ten problems
process driven
corpus occurrences
expectation cost
include subject
enter data
article length
du facteur
clitic pronouns
analyzed sentences
block orientation
independent results
reduce translation
standard ontology
gaussian components
practical consequence
words task
mary yesterday
hybrid systems
computer time
programming work
instantiation conditions
corpora typically
telephone mode
pslb post
model indicates
takes polynomial
delta vector
parse contains
vast majority
using earley
recognition architecture
scf entries
centering analysis
jeffry pelletier
computer speech
larger coverage
linguistic component
system aims
ergative alternation
contain complementary
using translation
final realization
help either
phonetic similarities
constraining grammar
real ambiguities
parameter pairs
corpus 7
using path
finer control
word confusion
improve detection
conference convenes
results indicates
homophone set
specify either
tracking initiative
feature interaction
variable dl
course different
candidate rule
overall ratio
subsequential string
cluster according
use less
3d scenes
search problems
react appropriately
al algorithm
next come
systems performing
good mt
real languages
using maximum
material needed
domains involving
zone identification
false otherwise
disambiguating sentences
bayesian estimation
derivation proceeds
arbitrary positions
identify word
rule extracts
identifying argument
argument templates
july 1994
algorithm selects
predicates associated
correct generalizations
chart shown
new mining
form pairs
beverly hills
possessive case
inductive generalisation
plan disparity
bigram parameters
cia authentication
since e
moore 1989
compact rule
imperative verb
baseline features
specific entity
system retrieves
original forms
test examples
multilingual thesaurus
frames could
minimize redundancy
ellen bard
algorithm rely
chunks defined
distinct news
information type
level node
base algorithm
techniques developed
cover almost
robot system
grou p
monotonic segments
processing concerns
ordinary parsing
dynamic processes
formal grammatical
group discussions
user means
easy understanding
dative np
phonological alternation
verbal suffixes
incident slot
spirit collection
small range
translation solutions
thus indicate
processing cost
additional factor
annotation criteria
two plan
learning perspectives
component c
klatt 1987
conversion rule
inference networks
information since
comparative degree
merged list
difficult task
japanese discourse
hit john
science course
data noises
37 sentences
order constraints
stage stacking
tile mother
form predicate
taggers based
1 performs
rule compilers
text generating
function since
5k test
syntactic behaviors
every cluster
semcor project
either correct
value found
general formal
data transmission
participants work
actual sentences
dependent elements
expansion probabilities
isa relationship
simple dcg
slices w
data written
great majority
numerous cases
shown promise
news published
resulting combination
tile average
ith training
extensive description
ending character
information statuses
current character
performance curve
predicate information
rules fall
certain structures
twenty sixth
linux kernel
predictions made
boundary area
hi l
gram case
linguistic predicates
rdf properties
thesis work
generator selects
word model
semantic framework
system word
symbols come
method corresponds
model chosen
2 precision
morpheme selection
construction rather
se trouve
departs significantly
valid paraphrases
optimize performance
also approaches
power provided
2 years
mt initiative
knowledge base
best representative
every column
specific lexeme
likely topic
parser executes
elegant method
recall graph
boundary detectors
stem feature
strategies include
grained distinctions
describes related
source interval
medhat mubarak
grammatical approach
da li
similarity measures
good president
system failures
tag automatically
single np
probabilities specified
et leurs
george saw
specifications used
like get
likely parse
point preceding
unit problem
chart contains
initial versions
solving systems
text forms
length 15
complex symbol
covering grammars
require lengthy
computing elements
user contribution
normalization factors
something interesting
previous year
dp procedure
improved set
cfg derived
manager component
complement adjunction
prediction engine
hy murveit
shallow intentions
alternative information
original utterance
receiving information
transfer component
aligned texts
4 test
simple subject
use relative
two studies
instruction booklets
packet loss
floating constraints
labels include
un langage
associated rules
matrix p
weighted patterns
contain much
take b
typical sentence
standard formal
innermost tree
direct translations
hypothesised rules
based ordering
many x
cia endorsement
works exactly
stream filter
two variables
based differences
created word
easier integration
scoring algorithm
noun b
score thresholds
pos class
prosody research
word indices
yield much
education system
recursive data
rapid enrollment
typical setting
feature annotation
adverb dictionary
approach imposes
synonym content
highest recall
threshold pruning
tokens tagged
information affects
template driven
h l
lauer 1995
uses well
np gap
c unit
parser assigns
sentences include
two dg
correctly maps
ten cases
literature contains
seven states
different dialects
physical support
hypernym synset
sentence sophie
similar linguistic
ue experts
intermediate node
constitute another
require higher
textual shape
whole semantic
five domains
lexical items
orthographic cues
technology designed
longest ones
decision cycles
maximal parse
morpheme may
extended label
byblos system
semantic criteria
recall interval
rate increased
systems surveyed
relation might
computational studies
annotation guideline
scheme presented
hierarchical phrase
language e
b occurs
language poses
adjacency graph
correct forward
units used
sort labels
interpretive component
unseen triphones
105 messages
application grammars
test perplexity
de nes
telephone number
context list
table holds
final surface
final extraction
algorithm applied
conceptual areas
disease control
measure taken
basic terms
align phrases
previous tests
incomplete lexicon
length characters
right modification
use semantic
pronoun antecedent
morphological antecedents
automata generated
collocational information
first element
type involves
mt decoding
hoc basis
component allows
controlled comparison
a3 a6
big object
list transformations
thus implement
nondeterministic transducers
predicates needed
select pairs
interleaved architecture
procedures described
sort may
macintosh computers
treat comparatives
institutionalized phrases
phrase array
single tags
template instantiation
disfluency interval
stereo data
specific answer
either inside
crfs outperform
rule differs
documents respectively
provides interesting
star indicates
kanji letters
full vowels
damsl scheme
proper referent
last problem
human indexer
candidate updates
tile representation
monetary policy
pass n
model concepts
candace l
sensitivity thresholds
easy access
evaluating importance
answer string
selection errors
three restrictions
types b
referential metonymy
zhai et
relies upon
wsj penn
canonical examples
splitting strategy
sentence extraction
processes would
types necessary
joint training
following scenarios
horizontal links
topic identification
deficient language
core storage
domain guidelines
objective reality
ranks 10
argument substitution
four crucial
arabic corpus
large sample
collective predicates
two halves
answers questions
input could
shallow phrase
variable bound
conceptual index
yeh et
normal information
fit recovery
occur consecutively
procedure follows
edges connecting
scheme requires
technical results
blind feedback
robust techniques
large fraction
two project
un indicateur
underspecified descriptions
decision depends
estimation methods
names belong
modified corpus
every subsequent
use may
expected co
efficiency purposes
adequate number
intellectual ancestry
corresponding id
phrase classifier
adjective lr
execution rules
weather forecasters
instance xi
assigning relations
bracketing knowledge
generate inflected
use first
dimensional lsi
models investigated
uses statistics
legal experts
generic structure
dataset contains
unscoped quantifiers
three classifiers
classify documents
grupo roche
derived grammars
unstructured data
new systems
informational structures
version 5
energy minimization
modified approach
elles ont
atis madcow
huma n
designing systems
grammar produced
sch tze
model aspects
given non
phrase preceded
previous estimate
category probability
corresponding results
another operator
realization choices
presupposition must
text aligned
maximization approach
one phenomenon
via translation
lattice parser
list l
open domains
real referents
dialogue information
work possible
constituent b
using file
nlp tool
resulting scores
major distinctions
corpus required
technical prose
two attribute
retrieval algorithms
ambiguous types
neither method
dcg example
nearby sentences
wizard could
iraq may
concept data
large topic
slight increase
isa relation
conceptual dependencies
straightforward process
specific machine
parameters theory
case relations
many patterns
value less
name term
correct utterance
soft constraints
intermediate states
line numbers
stems found
one axis
w j
enea corpus
syntactic heuristics
agenda parser
adding sentence
surface levels
words represented
first characters
evaluation dimension
3 de
parsing fails
generation templates
xue et
general command
produce f
representations proposed
unique identification
progress along
proposed actions
subtle variations
rags representations
two rankings
node index
entry list
hierarchical clustering
interpolation scheme
method proposed
two scope
logical theory
plan fragments
complete matching
self loop
axiom states
confusion probabilities
values fall
accurate techniques
left combination
algorithm operates
model possible
mdi algorithm
discourse interpretation
several potential
candidate non
iterative application
possible move
ravenswood avenue
substantial training
functional term
new search
tokenized word
des voyelles
independence parameter
1 indicates
granger et
decide using
best conditions
endexpr bigrams
social obligations
correct extraction
ones considered
ing systems
innovative applications
evaluation methodology
bias current
hit rate
plum architecture
major work
next terminal
larger scales
two types
particular elements
sense a40
shortly review
statistical structure
ject position
approximate human
classifier obtained
consistent feature
pnncipal components
dynamic domain
different processes
4 demonstrate
atelic events
use linear
trivial way
tile design
statistical tagging
null fore
mathematical representations
classifier algorithm
simplified case
select 20
two techniques
combining forms
entire path
ask sister
pronoun occurs
insertion rule
order along
recent unification
1 parts
includes elements
two weights
discovery procedures
automatic sentiment
respective feature
space saving
key pieces
sentence head
two essays
feature class
parsing programs
specialized search
flexible parser
mapping units
sentential stress
segmental content
many readers
computer interface
time base
condition states
coherent plan
outside world
students get
target one
valid category
recognizes three
non binding
reading text
conventional patterns
many representations
event using
rescoring method
possible assignment
language resides
within themes
action part
basic issues
document matching
single rules
stochastic region
international community
acoustic measurements
choices available
demo approach
system model
continuing progress
system determine
efficient tokenization
large window
pragmatic uses
method treats
model hierarchy
see examples
logical head
provides scores
algorithm never
4 table
entity denoted
generator operates
considerable advances
dogs pull
combination allows
gibber system
nakazawa 1994
templates like
discourse function
semantic projection
guide generation
corresponding resources
document map
traffic controllers
head without
consumer product
appropriate part
affect sentence
thai word
feature ph
stochastic models
including newspaper
system discovers
repair errors
rule number
phone book
case might
tim set
word ws
tag attribute
new development
particular annotation
network formalism
offers additional
computational techniques
solid linguistic
predicate x
table1 shows
lakoff 1974
relative threshold
incremental speaker
agreement according
baseline parsers
simple programs
operator shown
bell canada
also convenient
scoring function
special concerns
sample training
subj classifier
current scheme
4 clause
string spanned
underlying parameters
directed grammar
correct theory
van genabith
parameters ai
based lexicon
system similar
preceding nodes
includes annotation
word overlaps
deviation value
collaborative work
local area
parser becomes
ambiguity becomes
highest joint
vowel classification
gemini system
evaluating content
five units
adjacent letters
always outperforms
sense shifts
vowel letters
represent constructions
felicitous dialogue
optimum iteration
systems design
2 john
basic version
per model
every point
computing environments
temporal index
3 texts
speaker also
approach relieves
interactive lexicon
outperforms co
special provisions
name must
partial account
grammar compiler
18 shows
exclusive focus
machine dialog
produce reasonable
based voting
parser due
terminological resource
template database
basic descriptive
minimal path
iteratively performs
language described
match techniques
multiple runs
speed advantage
locate relevant
knowledge assumed
topic segments
prolog ii
rules seen
607 sentences
path must
evidence given
embedded tree
cannot fail
parses highest
step classification
stochastic selection
workshop participants
head ct
certain tasks
original boosting
english inputs
higher number
undo button
driven interface
autant que
de son
facts concerning
tl token
propositional attitudes
surdeanu et
problems stem
graduate student
mining methods
hierarchical binary
12 categories
precise time
simulated annealing
tag types
one paper
text summarizer
difficult questions
different pieces
class named
following grammar
mapping stage
compound prediction
assignment module
evaluate human
rst specification
specific positions
onbekende sehakeloptie
open problems
word human
classification techniques
classical interpretation
correct head
object roles
formed analyses
muc conferences
similarity used
tdfs formalism
root goal
tagged words
simulation model
sentences fi
performance upper
state method
kamp 1984
slot grammar
conceptual coherence
tim system
utterance time
conjugated verb
discusses general
procedure described
1993 association
percent points
chanpen thai
individual x
n becomes
similar rule
decoder using
electronic circuits
knowledge plays
linguistic sign
possibly multiple
cf language
provided answers
utterance speech
sensitive grammar
nonexecutive director
weights equal
another preference
one analyst
without pos
uses top
traditional terms
gradient step
useful indicator
human proteins
row 13
describes several
k scores
uses features
general finite
complement np
grammatical conditions
adores peanuts
ranking document
construction proceeds
also feature
approach first
based multimodal
formed iff
target using
certain particles
mkthodes formelles
j denote
latter indicates
summary text
results close
est bas
opine extracts
tags automatically
noun phra
determining meaning
learning effects
entity tagging
relevant category
polysemy problem
mbc hierarchy
description space
methods involve
query likelihood
explicit interpretation
appropriate changes
bunsetsus depend
interlingual mt
supervised mle
claws tagger
understanding task
partial transcription
program p
potential alignment
lexical type
interactive multimodal
design choice
link events
purpose parser
improved understanding
best guess
con dences
perplexity increases
latter parts
grouped senses
word recognizer
thank bill
300 times
area codes
journal corpora
frequent names
relations without
medical applications
automatic sign
bank grammar
false implicit
cyc project
condition 7
thus defines
sentences built
5 details
initial slu
theory morphism
new weight
clinical notes
problem allows
evaluation setup
users felt
many dialogues
representation directly
primary knowledge
articles describing
game tree
patter n
verb valency
another assumption
characteristic component
model implicitly
pragmatic conditions
tag lattice
referent grammar
rule looks
approach integrates
4000 questions
scalar motion
chinese base
person instances
utterance relevant
plan achieves
authentic data
previous user
two schemata
field grammar
becomes necessary
distributor spark
potential paraphrases
exhaustive comparison
purely corpus
case behavior
assembly task
ranking experiments
single slot
standard finite
automatic measures
using values
whose sfc
also factors
objective classification
without exception
trees make
bilingual processing
martian weather
first move
less use
phrasal replacements
rate increases
shift reduce
proposal calls
sets using
network representing
complex ways
resolution problems
different tokenization
causes considerable
annotate nodes
reiter et
abstract view
perfect parses
several devices
detecting event
basic term
tst 1
phonological processing
accuracies higher
representation onto
conventional concepts
autosemantic words
necessary processing
muc templates
translation produced
generic pronouns
hoc tukey
entire list
represent events
ibm yorktown
sense w
official nist
turn left
linguistic predicate
prototype called
new conditional
granger 1980
brandow et
terms present
special topic
sentences back
global environment
third item
search terms
whole proposition
node onto
one outgoing
convention used
several processing
median value
goal 1
shows improved
rules contain
resolved lf
separate information
sparse matrices
labeled documents
trois jours
ensemble constituents
rules occur
40 years
kernel matches
particular attributes
system question
tense combinations
practical considerations
one record
approximation error
professional speaker
tillmann et
mme dupont
phrase meanings
pris en
three arguments
entropy values
il dictionary
particular class
composed fst
difficulties involved
language framework
first assignment
listeners would
thresholding technique
substitution theory
appelt et
early release
better reflect
new regulations
terminology extraction
reference method
child nodes
compiled lexicons
lmvm method
corpus following
metaphors may
level required
computer assistance
always yield
red plastic
realistic domain
plot marked
english running
drt treatment
sophisticated level
state 5
data modelling
current subtree
3d objects
second derivative
postnominal modifier
head schema
detailed instruction
treebank model
system relying
next function
sortal restriction
via concatenation
possible speakers
syn type
z denotes
pattern engineering
potential error
semantic notions
samples contained
one variable
disjunctive unification
attractive option
becomes larger
database also
occurrence graph
bypass surgery
user study
current nlg
preceding text
explanation plan
bars represent
per question
word chain
one complete
verbal position
unsupervised method
error critiques
path finding
underdispersed words
contributes nothing
language inl
marked nouns
words features
texts present
parser actions
real values
thus indicates
f results
pattern accuracy
current element
different domain
words also
local attentional
recursive semantic
first filter
main anchor
new leader
abstract representation
verbal output
information decay
extract knowledge
language statements
a2 a12
temporal coherence
usability problems
major barrier
following senses
asl mt
limited cross
unit activation
compatible brackets
use libsvm
sample parses
cts systems
computational humor
antecedent propositions
immediate clause
tdt topic
core sound
test patterns
optimization procedures
correct fill
prepositional locutions
corpus consists
equivalent representation
charles university
informal notation
purpose evaluation
module makes
verb run
assigned part
definite noun
unsupervised learning
n structures
nist hub
6 articles
des lex
b b
discuss various
joakim nivre
alias phenomenon
object 0
different candidate
sequence alone
phenomena covered
gain much
se structure
code corresponding
air canada
outside algorithm
aloud sessions
remaining slots
agent phrase
value equivalent
user reads
full discourse
possible optimizations
empirical trials
since training
document selected
eod kernel
using kernel
implicit ratings
parent nodes
good sentence
mapping relations
automatic creation
align sentences
general uni
5 values
active process
desired probabilities
words involved
paraphrases generated
evaluation shows
states 1
except stopwords
background language
stage classification
finite automaton
possible reduction
sox win
three tiers
among texts
words across
dlsplay buffer
6 j
different automata
case version
alignment relation
uses structural
possible correct
editing program
medical research
context frames
word ti
contains large
words surrounding
fragment terminates
abelson 77
au moment
compositional rules
test portion
using color
knowledge without
palindrome language
idiom dictionary
individual representations
wider array
3 model
complete structure
clause nodes
preferred sense
daughter node
document even
example corresponds
precise guidelines
task scenarios
every type
retrieval engine
morphological marking
ned system
provide yet
depth evaluation
position value
misdetection rate
600 word
reasonable confidence
necessarily dependent
better indicator
various rule
researchers generally
letter mappings
post editing
search guided
specific solution
particular experimental
reader could
clause splitting
utterance basis
two members
human texts
characters make
deficient models
linear nature
raising verb
succession events
learning accuracy
transition leaving
peak accuracy
integrate information
tile disambiguation
expectations based
stratum control
stored words
net name
np boundaries
number three
need different
radio news
spanish web
tile respective
di sciullo
functions proposed
conversation sides
chooses one
300 documents
seven months
translation lists
30 days
concept association
smoothed error
uninformed baseline
measure increases
time plays
form according
module might
rule says
impact upon
basenp boundaries
state associated
four hypotheses
complex surface
branching grammar
general field
complex extraction
study using
spatial references
lexical diversity
complex correspondence
using wsd
propositional semantic
linear order
objects mentioned
unification procedures
space bar
ending characters
relation must
algorithm design
local structure
progressive feature
semantic requirements
whenever x
hobbs 1978
ib1 algorithm
case sensitivity
implementation shows
ventures domain
identifying phrasal
line semantic
sl sentence
using frames
reasonable space
first release
single tone
phonological process
context seems
document structure
proper class
context classes
matrix created
mandarin chinese
accepted criterion
specific semantics
te le
associated class
direct encoding
compare three
multiple derivations
bombing events
summaries created
appropriate form
learned pattern
machine assisted
stochastic procedure
data much
cat ate
correct resolutions
solution path
whatever way
another shortcoming
generators based
acceptable level
ldoce subject
pattern identified
component contains
simple summary
levenshtein distance
approximate distribution
concept semantic
mat systems
smoothing model
last occurrence
practical approach
experiment using
modular system
navigation systems
recognized problem
voice mail
annotate text
ax ix
greater opportunity
longitudinal speaker
short string
gaizauskas et
building descriptions
metric constraints
practical side
ii c
different histories
possible scoping
partial ordering
quality evaluation
output templates
different production
layered architecture
words produced
unfilled roles
present results
2006 student
reiter 1980
li agents
express knowledge
phrase sizes
valid analyses
node names
contains texts
consecutive blocks
roark et
language training
start working
line may
simple query
writer could
letters long
concept labels
context frame
structure typically
research context
asking backs
frequent reading
actions may
speech errors
attribute evaluation
constructive learning
languages tested
dp hypothesis
fruit fly
possible violations
parsing error
values occur
noun groups
reordering models
using classes
bod et
lexical reference
standard notion
topic would
independent layers
input position
presentation format
phrase modifiers
anaphoric text
direct orthographic
narrative instance
one statement
text adjunct
estimated model
major phases
relevant distinction
term structures
spanish sense
verbs depends
sister nodes
particular syntactic
accumulate experience
tn addition
prototype includes
maximum efficiency
unification operations
oriented implementation
presentation planning
open platform
conversational principles
domain containing
input output
special root
free description
inflection patterns
agenda system
phrase 1
principle c
30 queries
also performs
fig 4
modification patterns
semantic vagueness
eurotra languages
protection switching
literal content
restrictions among
analyses obtained
cepstral vector
challenging language
theory behind
preference relations
parallel sub
linguistic claims
subtle cues
discrimination task
z z
une recherche
input efficiently
data set1
idiosyncratic cases
containing k
four papers
une suite
syntactic markers
appropriate categories
among entries
k represents
even points
zero anaphor
rapid development
using object
generated languages
primary operation
simple error
content evaluation
nonterminal x
initial co
certain sentence
verbal patterns
select distinct
appropriate trees
atomic strings
descriptive elements
name phrases
parser generally
query frames
b es
million blocks
transcripts also
agent might
validation purposes
italian pronominal
une expression
intentions may
event roles
seem odd
using frame
accepts three
broad agreement
edge label
results compare
representation problems
computer processes
inner products
last paragraph
obtain answers
written style
search based
subsequential iff
statistical description
conventional programming
conceptual units
response pairs
correct fills
muc coreference
itspoke human
number 30268
verb sub
interesting category
following link
space defined
wide area
lp statements
improve search
appropriate answers
may group
affect recognition
true words
typical situation
different ones
propose tile
cases provide
noun chunker
resulting sets
la cha
resource available
means clustering
flexible system
frequent phrase
l respectively
transform data
inheritance clause
minor modification
small texts
additional processes
input x
word distribution
lists results
recursive cfgs
functional model
hsu 2002
quality value
k e
existing programs
function nouns
methods could
based rule
easy cases
december 1993
2 extracts
e define
full complexity
global focus
current qa
qa module
change considerably
numerical optimization
e refers
connected model
hit number
copying schemes
diagram classes
window corpus
6 senses
ignoring irrelevant
modifier mi
expresses syntactic
position set
attribute value
graph built
nine thirty
tree al
first correct
local arrows
10 directories
neighbours approach
activated word
free constructions
mediated entities
complement slot
experiments compare
technical description
tectogrammatical layer
arity two
possible scenarios
analyzer finds
task grammar
users ask
equal weight
collocation without
window approach
annotated resource
turn allow
discourse grammars
java native
initial pattern
ben nevis
evaluation conferences
cost compared
representation units
result still
computer cannot
relational approach
heating oil
much debate
terms already
carroll et
recursive fashion
target logical
42 domains
scf distribution
maximum benefit
independent language
good answer
number seems
duration rules
using aps
situation denoted
east coast
10 summaries
online systems
en voit
pragmatic inference
deux autres
python interface
per chain
stop word
text processing
fifteen years
produces significantly
train multiple
database lists
surface cases
tagged sequences
count table
5 classes
corresponding description
rule template
structuring task
alignment models
selection problem
sentences read
content value
internal model
time without
chosen one
correctly process
lfg parsing
data category
normal rate
last entry
deemter et
next dialog
description could
prior systems
occur ill
4 ie
hiding features
words lists
precisely match
grammar presented
case must
r using
taggers trained
contains entries
context states
principle allows
reduced coverage
lorsque la
induction based
iff 1
lexical chaining
communication channel
longer segments
term requirement
airplane crashes
likely sense
plot quality
sophisticated translation
last stroke
query frame
particular segmentation
formed f
sp rou
choice set
llsf mapping
consultant system
return multiple
descriptions discussed
feature defaults
network analysis
specialization process
called e
compare various
level consists
larger space
f uh
language internal
also defines
fitness criteria
obligatory adjoining
frequent relations
svm systems
action tokens
patterns would
let ft
missing patterns
previous contents
extend svms
different elementary
unary function
200 articles
nodes may
human post
systems require
algorithm matches
system determines
one interaction
n theories
priist et
say r
rationality values
h v
expanded list
additional pieces
logical primitives
rudnicky et
building computational
aspect forms
object depends
learning technique
pearl parser
basic entries
contexts allow
standard tf
new resources
certain interpretations
alignment selection
structured stack
highest precision
online search
dependent hmms
framework supports
accident reports
engineering task
hand labeling
p defined
dependent upon
minimum message
various non
model avoids
participial modifiers
one procedure
given iu
amon g
biological articles
phrasal smt
literate programming
thank ralph
make decision
occurrence vectors
marker hypothesis
nlp class
description referentially
trust value
grammatical phrases
nodes dominated
existing network
every reference
considerable amount
overlapping values
text unless
far afield
previous classification
attentional space
null word
adjectives according
proto x
learned context
null mantic
ambiguous representation
general paradigm
weather bulletins
moderate degree
computed values
actual improvement
system initiated
location normalization
one w
one female
attributes per
grammar requires
general performance
16 word
ipal verb
systems translate
e c
represent ambiguity
5 decision
supported languages
100 segments
romanian word
ontological property
encode relations
receives information
simple category
marcu et
methods achieve
prime importance
confidence measurement
starting place
prc communication
john said
conjunctional strings
trivial subset
single anchor
initiative control
central motivation
unbalanced data
purpose system
original b
input patterns
weather report
million sentence
path encoding
generic events
word closed
slight performance
dma paradigm
positive answer
zero zero
dialogue modelling
represent discourse
mark explicitly
proposed method
f stands
chart a4
paradigm makes
situation structure
comprise one
null ers
temporal units
accurate representation
derive correct
pronunciation networks
partial lexicon
city university
collocational behaviour
choice system
meaning constructor
external area
require full
element yields
speech conversion
contiguous elements
becomes lower
third tree
reason seems
whose strings
region adjacency
underlying philosophy
pos using
clinical examination
binary cases
component l
tool usage
predict edges
different phonemes
original process
given sub
universal statements
informed choice
restricted environments
fixed recall
alignment may
basic cf
maximum sentence
various stages
shorter spans
including parts
based ebmt
structure derivation
epsrc studentship
final boundaries
grave accent
broad view
become increasingly
prototype currently
search ends
texts usually
matching unit
calls reference
items extracted
occur randomly
highly salient
nominal modifier
extracts hard
three test
prosodic phrases
molt kernel
standard performance
structure labeled
computation takes
ha detto
density p
technology program
text derived
alternative readings
basic bottom
language sequence
specific computer
nbest list
information independently
lexical decay
different colours
candidate loanword
infinitive clause
harmonic mean
learns patterns
turn 1
tense may
function independently
specify patterns
generates phrase
ocr output
maintain information
module based
x born
ty word
always subsumes
using mixture
english entry
semantic disambiguator
five feet
random elds
impressive accuracy
cases using
valued score
negative instance
le langage
proper probability
morphological transformations
text b
attribute set
binding rules
input representations
compounding rule
example dialog
argument matching
wild cat
case texts
standard pre
probable assignment
associated probability
answers returned
recognition rather
assigned categories
deaf children
mary wanted
stack based
computational representation
variables need
combining equations
basic model
interesting perspective
software environment
systems dealing
estimates may
grammar licenses
nd style
best source
1987 roy
summary generated
module implements
unrestricted length
whose pos
special constraints
ill figure
discuss differences
factor l
work remains
proper segmentation
dialogue behaviour
acceptable translation
inherent vowel
sentence size
psycholinguistic plausibility
listing agency
computational mechanism
spatial constraints
initial phoneme
sentence style
translation pattern
exact duplicate
capture meaning
reference choice
entire classes
6 compares
possible grammar
theme class
lowest word
recognition programs
traditional word
different entity
thesaurus training
keyword search
attempt made
global problem
underlying search
different compression
precedence predicates
power plant
process time
strube 1996
brent 1991
original idea
threshold firing
feature helps
condition consists
lexieal choice
characters appear
large sense
spreading activation
relations holding
anaphoric relationship
dialog move
question indicates
formalism like
matthiessen 83
multiple prepositional
assumes nothing
query pair
erroneous input
process speech
mesh terms
computer domain
recipe library
movement expander
child relationship
labeling approach
little opportunity
corresponding utterances
art parsing
authors conducted
take verbs
a1 a22
simpler data
inferential relations
several places
combination thereof
good recognition
s1 conna
terrorist organization
filtering information
small model
entire object
efficient multi
place discourse
medical encyclopaedia
derivation e
modal particles
quality system
additional domain
expand user
speaker goals
binary phrase
model remains
two others
word segmented
technical language
algorithm increases
novel domain
missing concepts
model specification
mt using
better generalize
representation constructed
woods cascaded
open issues
initial context
halteren et
tag representation
large standard
grammatical encoding
occurring text
halliday 1978
difference operation
successful search
access information
form expressions
antecedent nps
based non
conceptual relations
current release
entire frame
attribute system
statistics would
entries also
decreasing likelihood
type function
object named
dominant factor
capture crucial
formulation process
tree since
ten word
frame data
thus generate
difference ratio
verbalization processes
tools must
kernel trees
verbmobil components
prototypical case
stylistic factors
prompts us
significant predictor
paths passing
corresponding language
classification mechanism
case inflection
upstream components
time allotted
efficient machine
scopal modification
comparable performances
syntactic processors
syntax dictionaries
asking points
technique applied
length normalization
boundary events
parameters within
maintenance domain
np tree
ongoing study
items represent
sentence within
potential heads
general base
vocalic systems
reranking system
rule encodes
storing knowledge
slotted lattices
null event
association pairs
encompasses many
distinct derivation
360 model
claims using
categorization errors
let f1
predicates take
used k
final punctuation
training part
entire decision
measure units
produces different
c matches
relevant template
agent based
class boundaries
major error
atomic value
latter half
decision boundaries
increasing popularity
parallel streams
alternative mode
level phrasal
lexical atom
common ways
objects refer
conceptual clustering
archival purposes
retrieval recall
pair specific
existing alignment
hybrid text
japanese fastus
word document
lexical operations
guided projectile
potential analyses
see baldwin
stochastic n
rule includes
step transition
minimize errors
medical english
series data
erent measures
childes database
interpretation provides
parse score
generalized form
statistical optimization
omitted segments
successful development
approach due
side l
possible relevant
absolute value
immediate result
unique rule
solid edges
assigns probabilities
typical verb
sets 0
three portions
data provided
sibling features
sentence distance
state graph
without syntax
relation considered
following subsection
agreement reported
words returned
translation presented
regularization rules
dialog moves
rightmost one
findings regarding
rating system
corpus annotators
detailed match
date tags
candidates extracted
ideal tool
test noun
parse filtering
application would
raw input
step 3
tumor names
simply chooses
form cs
tokens marked
parse node
temporal phrase
relational term
tf weighting
j f
null example
partee et
currently encompasses
domain taxonomy
qing dan
names corresponding
ambiguities unresolved
updating algorithms
new nodes
pronoun mentions
select lock
word r
phrase classification
20 test
analyzed corpora
overlapping classes
headword percolation
rule expresses
popular approach
rupert murdoch
yes candidate
plus pr
feedback sets
interrater reliability
dialect mt
words co
string belongs
never change
reading may
unit separation
desired granularity
french house
ship fired
relevant discussion
find e
thank ken
nondeterministic parser
variables like
distribution rather
question decomposition
invaluable suggestions
23 destinations
function assigns
new connection
time applications
cannot happen
whose contribution
corresponding numbers
main difficulties
english original
nl expressions
metonymic expression
edges along
reducing error
declarative grammar
critical thinking
absolute percent
spoken spelling
legislative council
resulting training
performing classifier
part la
partial repetition
example grammars
question collection
domain changes
gricean maxims
19 th
causal connections
alphabetic order
arc given
30 nouns
analysis project
utterance containing
integrated processing
probability less
4 results
implies b
professor schmidt
latter purpose
translation requires
csm value
roth et
following design
et son
identification modules
learning point
anaphoricity model
variance condition
margin approach
copyright 1981
game world
category vp
cluster structures
best component
every student
dm mr
basic question
accessibility bias
features respectively
representation computed
mary like
definition language
search width
best sentences
possible senses
nihongo goi
computation complexity
2 contrasts
first j
normal mode
decreasing values
examples 7
ontology extraction
probabilistic features
expected precision
tighter connection
label 0
path sentences
relevance feedback
inference method
entries produced
new inactive
typewriter font
new branches
global registers
adaptive speech
chart algorithms
licensing rules
possible attachment
reliable methods
hub 2
string language
rational functions
identity features
flexible access
schema described
model recognizes
name mentioned
labels represent
slot containing
different nonterminals
size two
prefer certain
cut c
hoc manner
first grammar
entities called
insurmountable problems
distribution du
instances represented
maximal subset
complement class
collocational substring
net income
interval projections
np meaning
program moves
usability issues
translation relationships
approach outperforms
ci node
different native
hierarchical model
client may
wittenburg et
acquire confirmation
behaves semantically
two definite
third order
tipster topic
generating dialogue
dialogue mode
particular window
tree data
contextual structures
weight may
learning continues
reference graph
small question
sets show
sentences represent
comment structure
type list
recursive functions
different machine
normalized edit
representation enables
2 looks
text book
auxiliary system
segmentation techniques
utterance cannot
derives relation
important challenges
results illustrate
possible alternative
translation context
hypothesis given
preferred antecedent
word database
dans deux
former members
bidirectional grammar
specify possible
two twenty
sheffield university
salient semantic
function name
real difficulty
generation times
person b
frequency 2
occasionally provokes
bracketing errors
parse states
stack automaton
three limitations
second measure
actual memory
corpus work
trigram hmm
tnt tagger
also violate
major category
system portability
differs greatly
reward function
provides training
subtree model
c code
several groups
polite expressions
tree combinations
containing c
traditional model
model p
translation paired
direct correlate
average data
first unit
less diverse
careful evaluation
entre ces
speech read
referents must
distance anaphors
kukich et
read stories
contains propositions
cooperative interruptions
consonant letter
every atom
corresponding relation
concept name
whose value
get values
public release
exclusion criteria
relationships among
total text
functional morphemes
improve results
obtain state
unrestricted rewriting
converse problem
special sense
design philosophy
binary terms
sudo et
semantic node
magazine articles
future investigations
human wizard
others present
discover whether
par cette
matcher module
number greater
collecting words
parent relation
appropriate state
two candidates
l values
system said
vector x
measure phrase
terms often
spatial sense
scale automatic
representations provide
dale dictionary
two areas
training dataset
disambiguation purposes
formal computational
wolfram syndrome
frame generated
minimal pair
proportional fashion
artificial language
type obj
morphology analyzer
critical task
discrimination power
rules containing
match routine
jan nederhof
error pattern
a0a8a1a9a3a5a3a10a6 a0
syntactic roles
judgments elicited
called ib1
become less
information status
next decision
single atomic
tour code
efl constant
data transformation
pseudodisambiguation task
forward pass
searching actions
wsd using
promising result
related ideas
case considered
data redundancy
candidate loanwords
sufficient linguistic
henceforth dsp
beta algorithm
neutral class
automated identification
knowledge databases
old phrases
research work
many incorrect
neither clause
morphological synthesis
right area
comparison set
language taxonomies
partitive case
general disjunction
text describes
transducer induction
discriminant functions
60 minutes
matched pair
en et
interlingual machine
take wider
acoustic quality
technical paper
document relevancy
bar structure
japanese topic
activation functions
account two
est un
skeletal plan
words presented
pairwise predicates
documentation text
another referential
application field
grammatical component
tree found
extracting features
ii contains
kleene closure
argument structure
using triphone
np tag
involves analyzing
technologies allow
tile phrase
generated grammars
syllable lexicon
roughly understood
ordering statements
show performance
grammatical sentences
store automata
little concern
group 6
deverbal nouns
bilingual lexicography
correct ne
3 explores
two index
lfg languages
variable positions
represent elements
linguistic procedures
new text
validation step
orthographic sequence
karp algorithm
450 words
mathematical knowledge
processing researchers
command relations
blast bit
expression extraction
morphosyntactic constraints
unaccusative verbs
tbr tile
est compos
clausal boundaries
adapted version
accepts natural
search model
chart states
senses given
smoothing scheme
vanlehn et
model backs
initial request
phenomena occur
fewer utterances
word filter
pairwise comparison
tuples whose
generic discourse
integrated process
consonant except
stage 3
target user
2 competition
markedness analysis
f0 mean
annotation produced
words cover
finite sentences
unigram count
ibm models
szeged corpus
frequent term
degree expressions
k training
a15 a24
structure fragments
state general
another collection
reference test
tables indicate
four phase
rules cannot
rules produce
options include
average reference
correctness criterion
end goal
grammar induction
labeled datasets
several conclusions
8 p
generalized triphones
tuna project
hierarchy information
discusses results
pattern type
code symbols
previous item
list 7
handle multiple
unlexicalized model
similar circumstances
communicator architecture
database requires
first selects
content understanding
five texts
common head
intuitive way
using lexicon
system calculates
feminine singular
unique non
nestor burma
global structural
2 iff
discontinuity operators
terminological words
route description
simple transformation
objects used
every simple
bare singular
specialist knowledge
scope determination
different positions
annotations created
two dependencies
per document
passive objects
systems see
l ci
words requires
ltag based
method one
comparison system
monotonicity constraint
concept generalization
correct length
grained distinction
information due
dynamic semantics
final dictionary
definition relation
coordination rule
final tree
first senses
minimization method
free variable
planning rules
plot analysis
trilingual corpus
possible link
occurring data
integrates syntactic
restriction codes
resulting parses
east dictionary
structures composed
study show
ones used
key motivation
respective noun
agents would
state device
ithis work
one strategy
np modifier
h g
head refers
frank sinatra
string relation
genotype decision
highlight certain
pas le
2 let
reversible language
different expansions
extracted key
hierarchical question
cyclical events
selected verbs
regression equations
ikehara et
generation workshop
string penalty
novel sentence
tile relations
unacceptable sentences
different criterion
resolution modules
take input
parser relies
people usually
nmsu data
certain situation
statistical discourse
unequal lengths
combinations occurring
formation processes
simplification techniques
via g
representation issues
possible agreement
recognition error
differing views
explicit identification
1 character
spl specification
resulting sequence
separated dependencies
intentions n
learner might
stochastic cost
induction model
parameters specified
meaningful morphs
communication partner
likelihood algorithm
preceding sections
lowercase letters
speech bigrams
greater portability
power beyond
different chunk
mandatory roles
estimated distribution
context descriptions
experiment show
full syntactic
database context
density effect
phonetic accuracy
smoothness score
transfer procedures
literal use
things like
approach always
recognize isolated
features suggest
cette langue
including word
persons sharing
seed examples
predictions may
des ordinateurs
conversation focus
application rule
discourse segments
view function
words context
stored examples
another distinguishing
morphological generalisations
sets consisted
thus avoids
th population
efficient solution
candidates set
increasing training
stack entries
complete characterization
measure might
tree generated
lowest scoring
whose set
arabic sentences
hoc categories
whose outputs
paths using
syntactic tests
read speech
domain entity
issues include
frame association
label every
varying size
senses corresponding
oriented mt
incoming edges
200 randomly
upper row
still outperforms
english topics
preceding target
verb combination
judgments based
learned information
segment associated
annotate semantic
plain text
strategy proposed
alternative phrasings
help generate
domains may
multimodal messages
open texts
alignments xab
local optimization
argument spanning
describes previous
crude features
typical systems
moved phrase
elhadad 1992
explanation mechanism
also generate
error chains
dissertation work
syntactic alternations
r 0
collection analysis
term aim
mt developers
three rounds
negative influence
closest match
domain categories
dewey decimal
hyponymy relations
value assigned
acceptable values
particular anaphoric
cc tag
app p
arc defined
modal auxiliary
local phenomenon
index node
classify discourse
manual relevance
scenario definition
likely antecedent
sentence transcriptions
using stem
format similar
normalization module
system database
word spans
learning rates
multiple ways
systems makes
category transitions
score greater
interesting discussion
called projection
representations using
greeting phase
differ according
relation students
chart browser
lexical networks
tree cuts
required training
conversational speech
pronominal anaphors
grained analyses
parser often
dane le
active verbs
k l
speaker could
contract dabt63
frame semantic
relation mentioned
phrase stream
linguistic expressions
help us
temperley 1993
set marked
satisfy two
tag disambiguation
ed forms
ill turn
corpora become
type values
meaning among
priori model
corresponding models
training trees
replace operators
empirical hypothesis
one smoothing
long organization
tend towards
ne system
probabilistic parsers
mod feature
five entries
culotta et
phrase modified
system move
see copestake
mrd definition
token ratios
derived rule
incoming material
new metrics
definitional statements
dallas leaving
table described
interaction proceeds
like eurotra
terms via
representation based
attachment scores
systematic structure
noun ellipsis
expects h
markers introduced
relations define
paying attention
equivalent units
message handler
better coverage
linear interpretation
leaves dominated
class dictionary
knowledge supports
find anchors
frame labels
generating coherent
following part
bad performance
decision tree
compression models
object belonging
null character
natural interactions
intelligent software
nodes n
yields significantly
superlative form
computational overheads
question word
final meaning
lngram model
mass sense
node based
entropy would
volume 21
requiring explicit
two cars
although f
two coherence
scheme outlined
recover antecedents
generic statement
material introduced
bootstrapping cycle
e contains
trees indicates
target dialect
semantics system
major distinction
cognate sets
algorithms without
present language
george washington
clitic stemmer
full probability
1 p
connb s3
library database
conditions attached
commonsense knowledge
ihe verb
phonemic output
considered non
frame may
features improves
local configurations
rue de
xu duo
successful results
generalization mechanism
object complements
linear path
602 sentences
speech repairs
deerwester et
rates comparable
systems might
entry would
child may
efforts aimed
experimental context
explicit formal
variation management
second c
clear contrast
argument labelling
specific effects
function computes
korean query
korean speaker
input mismatch
computational morphology
dian san
heuristic functions
stack model
following code
input substring
summarization strategies
cut a23
take longer
answers could
parallel english
liao gai
similar applications
une drs
hearer actually
program automatically
texts via
called l
distinguish classes
reordering strategy
metal flat
modern russian
neighborhood frequency
da tagging
scenarios using
plan whose
maximize pr
misspelled form
english lexicons
utility values
agglutinative morphology
ip boundary
patterns hold
n2 words
1 total
report high
linear function
elimination system
correct transcriptions
various circumstances
graph represent
incorporates features
prediction ability
contains axioms
aligned parallel
new utterances
providing answers
procedures involved
configurational concepts
quality related
theoretical backgrounds
scaling factors
inference needed
identify objects
utterance production
source license
query would
unit feature
hardware system
complex treatment
kernel approach
stochastic parse
special forms
contract negotiations
verb fly
involves deciding
pass anaan
one conjunct
dqg wkh
highest error
techniques include
first link
partition functions
de z
second use
constraint languages
laboratory environment
promising results
one deals
thus remains
one goal
positional markers
results lend
bonus points
either part
also initiates
needs little
particular application
task design
various sub
reasonable output
classes due
current grammar
plan library
rosana system
seven years
systems utilize
confounding factor
frequencies f
allows non
input idl
modeling non
different solution
modules interact
predicates impose
instance tokens
rejection levels
reliability tests
study consisted
frequency ratio
initial information
tokens representing
entries returned
appropriate conditions
ne words
defining properties
total data
suggestions made
including event
les relations
pairs appearing
agr number
critical comments
wcf system
degrade precision
intransitive subject
perceptual representation
step 10
retrieval requests
taba corpus
rate based
current bn
vp feature
rather try
previous transition
constraints present
variable corresponding
standard tools
level precision
vowel insertion
critical questions
training tokens
course one
generalisation error
order within
scores per
70 words
intensity level
indirect measure
given combination
transitive use
produce useful
english could
fundamental principle
3 document
cornell university
morphological lookup
inflectional feature
semantic engine
dimensional gaussian
relations c
string models
multilingual resources
text chunker
traditional character
paraphrase identification
using html
repeat information
following axiom
annotated set
cci type
extra weight
average student
final tag
two disjuncts
best summarize
field code
word probabilities
clause may
specialized language
english suffixes
categorial lexicon
experiment consisted
initial work
framenet data
direction symbols
different semantics
rules encoded
add edge
multiple surface
scheme developed
common carrier
individual knowledge
likelihood function
senses defined
notational devices
null lexical
english spoken
set proposed
current unit
reduce computational
statistical frameworks
clause first
atsugi center
selectional preferences
goal 3
detailed trace
agent model
entire lexicon
18 times
oriented tasks
mais pas
kawaguchi et
path pairs
character subset
bias would
character forms
natural langu
computer manipulation
complete program
romanian lexical
device like
construction described
relations inferred
rule provides
hassei suru
generate thousands
collocational knowledge
texts given
underlying markov
idiosyncratic word
anaphor co
3 r
cdg parsing
language versions
second allows
initiative dialogues
last examples
pc 2
success ratio
dialogue 2
annotation required
obtain translations
noun ambiguity
xinhua corpus
recursion scheme
calculate probabilities
style summaries
hurts performance
actual pronunciation
previous chart
mediated interactions
action must
feature along
null total
subject control
appropriate translations
mary fackler
approach suggests
root forms
phrase describing
bengio et
given formula
3 experiments
rule dependence
actual implementation
uses heuristic
auxiliary levels
constraint function
features values
case mentioned
template designers
40 msec
whose syntax
clustering performance
rejection sequences
knowledge storage
german umlaut
build phrase
following manner
documents would
first satellite
ppafter fp
titles generated
verbs describing
syntax cannot
afe corpus
iob tags
monolingual language
term often
lexical status
one specific
create problems
remains fixed
point concerning
si le
empty strings
np parsing
four grammars
variables et
increasing sequence
new combinations
n recognition
jonathan graehl
like lfg
return two
kleene plus
sms translation
capture different
first issue
head transduction
segment choice
pc contributors
reduced space
part numbers
compute c
web services
expected rate
people get
previous figure
dependencies occur
detection procedure
min values
compound features
additional machine
ambiguous names
similar research
tree first
open model
easy word
common roots
equivalent phrase
language embedded
specific lexemes
utterance 8
customization time
noise results
approximate bigram
bayesian argument
informal evaluations
thematic hierarchy
database request
genia ontology
merialdo 1986
categorization problem
types need
noise introduced
definition may
competition among
solidarity politeness
wsd classifier
reduction module
top r
3cw c
centralized processing
actually stands
based condition
referential entities
seleetional restrictions
processing occurs
structure denoted
complete discourse
null automatic
frequent entries
representation de
african languages
also correlates
reliable feature
utterance conveys
distribution differs
summarization task
dialogue knowledge
logical vocabulary
choose verb
mars experiences
world languages
6 participants
ist pair
acceptable object
ya et
one sample
update approach
typed user
contains nps
concepts discovered
certain verb
items make
states 3
interpretative process
ambiguous cfg
common spanish
proposed test
target tuples
nasal assimilation
become clearer
burke et
relations allows
learner based
carry verbs
existing analyses
absolute localisations
resources based
word translates
identify contexts
axis stands
email corpus
data includes
pause length
6 part
military users
right frontier
rough draft
accentual scheme
mdp 5
transducer x
errors related
role paths
using google
square error
identi es
new signature
likely cause
posterior bunsetsu
testing techniques
group also
surface word
essential difference
represent syntactic
either require
based sub
cheap piece
und hilft
cfg rules
structure analyzer
integer program
perl modules
model resulting
two names
supports natural
syllable rule
negative restrictor
phrases directly
reservation task
net gain
85 percent
driven machine
produce features
model configuration
tmr frame
local discourse
various applications
simple definition
links followed
several generic
class tag
exchange commission
main dialogue
yields different
monsieur le
records whether
main roles
subtree ti
lee 1990
b signifies
comparing tables
complex property
component score
algorithm makes
specific locations
unknown information
tagger could
shorthand notation
case 4b
evaluation process
algorithm starts
efficient computer
dian hua
category theory
interpausal phrase
structure even
looping edge
local variable
j 9
abstract relations
generates texts
obvious definition
selected input
lowest total
selection methods
semantic entities
denotation set
one topic
character long
subjects showed
represented thought
refined combination
business news
raise performance
whose role
e l
finite amount
best edge
phonemic representations
stronger restriction
un module
conversational interface
translation information
textual references
issues connected
grammar x
xml structures
erasmus mundus
interpretation problem
parameter initialization
state occupation
one parse
pipeline architecture
unseen predicates
likes fish
network classifier
project designed
effect also
general schema
new queries
surrounding discourse
first view
max gave
pp etc
hyperbolic fit
revision module
stage involves
see pullum
model created
problems inherent
english examples
thus p
class among
decision among
noun like
unrelated word
annotated brown
adjacent regions
different vowel
tree kind
entries presented
candidate english
done bottom
essay scores
unambiguous evidence
computation steps
new relation
class vocabulary
graph fragment
coreference analyzer
translation alternatives
duplicate entries
rule h
without problems
part relation
blind evaluation
class restriction
limited grammar
h consists
link probability
f1 score
analysts making
unsupervised dop
use arbitrary
together provide
instance relations
smaller fragments
semantic zone
allowable values
distinct documents
established technique
paradigmatic relationships
generator makes
use news
modem chinese
sgt blackwell
shared assumptions
vector inner
statistical preferences
rules 8
use classifiers
intonation model
generator starts
100 non
cost threshold
procedure yields
corresponding procedure
know x
move something
process cannot
current dictionaries
bayes text
noun referent
utterance form
style models
coherent manner
created gold
term recognition
strong restriction
prediction rate
matching routine
subjects believed
usual definitions
retrieval precision
given modality
english adjectives
signs associated
cannot tell
algorithm might
also avoids
critical features
query google
close examination
linear predictive
radu florian
early design
writer wants
graphic display
corpus separately
great aid
competing models
derivation sequence
strategies make
analysis outputs
internal document
help module
also transform
questions given
tables indicates
human assessor
journal domain
project concerned
government would
ordering requirements
procedural semantics
weight equal
common ancestors
dark blue
much detail
mais il
newswire english
following form
tag names
position policy
tgl rules
target bunsetsus
training starts
trigger information
grote et
four samples
classifies text
system allowed
complementary antonymy
topic without
dependency errors
handling mechanism
focus domain
consonant within
afin de
phrase 3
annotated syntax
honorific particle
word seen
complex tree
figures given
f semantic
inferences associated
rumelhart et
negative conclusion
language produced
functional linguistics
types like
knott argues
rules choose
weight n
many associations
whose index
theoretical viewpoint
system simultaneously
coordinated units
overall occurrence
becomes np
oregon graduate
text presents
several megabytes
style selection
clos objects
another event
resolve referents
bracketing problem
development sets
upper confidence
web ir
finding algorithm
tile term
word a0
weblog posts
sentences involve
corner relation
dimension space
additional criterion
complexity problems
items related
two units
modern approaches
theory indicates
potential blockage
tree address
sense inferences
start detection
mitch marcus
algorithm explicitly
formal work
valid sequence
sentences make
level rather
generator might
zero morphemes
email files
bayesian voting
appropriate significance
words available
2 expresses
european community
contextual sentence
mobile telephone
describe individual
greek letters
knowledge allows
morphological filtering
utterance rejection
lfg grammars
compositionality constraint
make rule
structure appropriate
open question
predicative use
wh relative
primary focus
capture salient
teaching method
acoustic resolution
relevant section
dots representing
full clauses
saying something
target lemma
experiment performed
students tend
parsers use
parsed parallel
given observation
problems relating
stat e
sequence among
corrected output
third algorithm
exposed heads
link connecting
term expansion
template containing
whole concept
level programs
coincide exactly
operations associated
procedure produced
experiments contained
ref pointer
list consists
name used
previous proposals
5 rule
alignment cost
various research
onto qud
traiter des
lexicalized training
generate paraphrases
pierre vinken
constituent like
presents data
resulting equation
grimes 1975
truth conditions
arbitrary point
corpora whose
online text
previous theorem
free generative
allows fast
robust reading
f may
great promise
preferential choice
relational propositions
machine aids
original title
four components
lexical signs
montagovian tradition
dowty 1991
g would
constraints already
shift transitions
a5 a117
confidence wflues
based applications
oblivious decision
classes assigned
produces grammars
lexical structures
following trees
classification problems
necessary input
knows enough
fsa toolkit
final pass
cormen et
essential components
improves translation
different computer
rules employed
ru n
combination algorithms
many points
misconceptions involving
annotations automatically
ner performance
classical linguistic
maximal processing
another purpose
multiple conflicts
generated segments
effect produced
simple prediction
human experiments
output even
levenshtein 1966
unbounded stack
create phrase
two contributions
edit evaluation
type pair
word articles
new leaf
relative syntactic
interactive applications
frequency tables
entity elements
cat np
compound determinants
help establish
measure must
equivalent binary
recurrent hidden
al 2004
f novel
occurring nouns
corpus differ
rules form
syntax part
te de
extended system
cebuano dictionary
synonym list
using bayes
method builds
global methods
metaphoric interpretation
structural correspondence
combination schemes
bill mann
considerable time
freeze initiative
nlp application
4 utterances
oct 2000
knowledge intensive
700 sentences
earley state
major subclass
equivalence criterion
machine performance
word j
ambiguous reading
structure spanning
user community
appropriate inference
null ical
seed patterns
value method
a13 a34a49a29a27a34a88a15
studies showed
two stage
terms appearing
identical sentence
within ten
lexical actions
estimate bilingual
ne pas
discriminating rules
linguists would
set representing
interpretation also
practical concern
hereafter referred
hoc approach
cannot adequately
formal precision
hinrichs 1986
possibles de
technical choices
probability functions
larger patterns
type identification
clauses describing
simple ner
use expectations
connectedness principle
rhetorical theory
earlier observations
database information
speakers description
generation technology
user issues
normal operation
main activities
word grammar
accuracy comparable
first design
cohesive relations
verb e
c makes
appearing july
processing devices
stw improvements
needs improvement
errors appear
output structure
system translates
behaves similarly
table l
internal database
iff 3
oil language
draft title
different subsets
n parameters
organization category
derived edges
specific cluster
including explicit
words information
goal c
mm segmentation
applies even
motivated method
1 characters
properly understood
handle complex
japanese web
paper closes
meaning definitions
greater reduction
different cue
bank trees
ibm corporation
double arrow
rqs type
simple recurrent
surface model
sentences either
distributional cues
training corpus
horizontal morpheme
program selects
recall metrics
implicit connectives
composition allows
macro average
lsa similarities
syntactic adjuncts
basic document
null element
separate knowledge
df value
random number
gram error
although training
final parsing
mdl framework
phoneme level
one root
loop method
information indicating
language compiler
three documents
case nps
noun hypernym
big companies
dashed link
complex meaning
stative clauses
students made
weak version
open propositions
annotation requires
training approach
levelt 1983
speaker output
phone line
observed types
inferences needed
two reading
personal home
structural theory
concept instance
former part
segmented bushy
xi ren
often refers
model constrains
information recorded
training state
domain matrix
descriptions consisting
domain independent
utterance caused
billion dollars
base rule
nucleic acid
nondeterministic fa
verbs taking
problem seems
paper analyzes
feature distributions
evaluate speech
expanded lexicon
increased processing
core algorithms
mixed country
relief operation
ready availability
boxed nodes
empty value
contextual interpretations
value restrictions
prediction error
private state
matching part
homophone word
word speech
negative test
mexico state
interpreting subsequent
robocup coach
prenominal position
ambiguous phrase
remains possible
web contains
natnral language
chart consists
within quotation
systems science
levine 1996
verb diatheses
distribution des
sentences related
principal drs
proper guides
sentence parsing
help predict
sees mary
small document
tag tokens
added information
subjective language
selected discourse
ds model
require manually
structure designed
modules using
noun line
overt pronoun
queries return
systems must
prosodic marks
np algorithm
positional ngram
produce lists
questions remain
bit position
mor past
investigation indicates
direct match
model objects
relative probability
gram approximation
processed information
noisy sources
patr ii
sentences differing
expected category
sentence hypotheses
following tokens
evidence count
relative addressing
rondane treebank
referential chains
homomorphic image
extended words
mixed text
trigram pos
specialized models
realization templates
similar combination
framenet semantic
learn mappings
classification stage
reduce ppda
sampling size
performing classification
inside phrases
information inquiry
rating factors
mdl criteria
view weakly
error information
lexical atoms
coordinated phrase
polynomial space
since lsa
development framework
domain semantics
representation model
determine sentence
word relevant
word segment
blind set
user based
taylor et
third interpretation
interface uses
based research
treatment given
represent specific
theoretical apparatus
figure 4b
finite plural
novel solution
interesting exceptions
user asks
two phrase
new selection
flexional structure
process participants
noun elements
entire rule
reaches 0
referential relationships
causal laws
use wordnet
orthographic features
haspart relationship
increase f
remain largely
way comparable
discourse rule
small experiments
threshold comparison
pronunciation learning
clausal modifier
ie methods
referents mentioned
coherence graphs
25 seconds
program ripper
based approximation
matched tl
future corpus
also maintain
auxiliary problems
improve language
null characters
xiu cheng
multiple roots
condition 4
consider sentence
representation similar
yangarber et
uses partial
large step
see p
inequality literals
source data
since entities
items including
la semaine
bears certain
chunk objects
turn 3
david edwin
rule expressing
spoken languages
changes also
splitting occurs
section five
policeman saw
feature extraction
referential context
enabling actions
fourth section
random permutations
case postposition
improved word
dinh dien
retrieval rather
automatically converts
intensional reasoning
functionality ratio
personnel database
le fran
tree adjoining
monolingual models
ambiguous relations
voutilainen 1994
similar formula
present moment
prepositions together
avoid ambiguity
multiple fills
future state
mccord treating
direct memory
primary problem
phonotactic automaton
complex tag
engineering goals
widely diverse
single dialogue
multiple key
sensor readings
system agenda
moderate performance
score varies
accessibility conditions
mori rimon
items appear
syntax analyser
support lexical
integrate knowledge
new labels
time allows
verbal feedback
taxonomy relation
polarity discourse
atomic facts
tile texts
lf predicate
head contains
possible part
uses x
single symbol
third function
lcxical entries
retrieval programs
fallback processing
2 correspond
task dataset
selection could
whose identity
military transporter
solution would
global topics
extracted tree
latter effect
seed concepts
consider learning
training files
say nothing
textual constraints
semantic relationships
lambda x
threatening act
day window
part may
bushy path
usually lacks
english output
following productions
mandarin words
labelled brackets
hypertext system
6 categories
minimal rule
given e
eighty percent
extended responses
take initiative
prototype features
constraints depending
recall data
future behavior
though tile
particular ways
analysts completed
language interlace
constraint grammars
word senses
dcg grammar
la main
entity attributes
das haus
nlg architectures
important change
2 reflect
authoring context
equivalents within
applying appropriate
two relations
different clusters
two drss
feature theory
schulz fast
heterogeneous types
multiple sources
classic account
also illustrate
second contains
generic syntactic
including p
remains close
exact meaning
object satisfies
maximum log
driven semantics
incorrect candidates
genomic dna
complete annotation
unimportant information
israeli guest
grammar string
early disambiguation
contrasting examples
general unification
binary bracketing
incorrect matches
object tree
matrix representation
within parentheses
arens 1980
word granularity
automata associated
document elements
word ha
basic principles
cross dependency
explicit backwards
candidate partitions
matched rule
ar e
relations shown
temporal model
action act
small database
que lee
productive research
assumability cost
link clauses
current view
local preferences
subsequent part
unseen pairs
branching trees
000 samples
20 results
variation involves
corpus differs
arc lengths
early part
algorithm implements
acl workshop
many chinese
oil tanker
frame n
lrec 2002
j 6
priori distribution
since co
paper may
approach inspired
second level
handle two
certain mental
previous turn
number slots
single intonational
selected referent
segmentation candidates
preposition sense
constituent elements
paper first
stands tbr
volume 15
john drank
similar english
definition gives
theoretical structure
step 2c
relation used
empty set
value associated
expression within
21 jan
expected number
original input
structures describe
overall percentage
system j
np coordination
complements list
candidate nes
select significant
models except
human graders
support automatic
paul et
specific communication
traditional characters
makes tile
initial signal
longest oas
simple parameter
penalized log
useful methods
pennsylvania treebank
phrase antecedents
extended negotiation
root hair
structure incrementally
elr algorithm
information method
k z
clause defining
categories included
multiple lms
relaxed decoding
earlier papers
cannot proceed
aligned articles
state involving
originating site
feature head
target item
k v
cognitive element
system grammar
tutorial session
quantification problem
proof fails
like point
static features
effects could
temporal indices
use q
service providers
available training
speech phenomena
standard unification
new target
properly estimate
large size
communicative behavior
gesture would
2 lex
tree name
need one
defined task
usual rules
word basis
student answers
tides program
individual employee
formed inputs
areas within
using ilp
n verb
small parallel
next meeting
pointing actions
scoring performance
aspectual feature
denote probabilities
specific items
program operates
hotel receptionists
explicit rule
modular decomposition
person title
user decides
n balls
descriptions exist
information exchanges
level paraphrases
previous evaluations
best em
clause functions
recognitio n
involves searching
attached procedures
sentences spoken
survey data
style alignments
erroneous segmentation
k nearest
key findings
initial string
morphological case
scheme 2
svd representations
test points
abstract term
particle combination
example showed
somerset county
generalized latent
words x
online data
selection heuristic
application without
alternate view
take maple
development training
tut corpus
competing alignments
cleft types
al 1986
145 utterances
chapter 7
world around
negative clause
text input
accompanying speech
incorrect dependencies
empirical methodology
burden imposed
length increases
arabic treebank
zero element
equivalent term
security agency
estimated probabilities
phonological rules
sense frequency
biomedical genia
one constraints
one article
use semantically
brackets measure
system unit
resolve conflict
reliable parts
ie topics
necessary rules
included features
sentences appear
preterminal node
manager sends
case r
treat long
coded systems
l would
j denotes
knowledge store
specified feature
pairwise distinct
following considerations
verbal construction
state results
metric distance
hard independence
concepts included
domain defined
general tendency
procedures presented
special devices
lexicai semantics
specific point
summarization features
serious bottleneck
positive effects
several rules
conditions 2
high order
user calls
mean u
fixed alignment
best match
affixes tend
previous works
restricted sense
infix form
next rule
structure description
perl module
human categorizers
adverbial phrases
per time
conventional hmm
factors influencing
duc 2002
exact nature
tagger output
summarisation systems
correct parent
word formed
aspects must
generic masculine
antecedents according
slight tendency
linearization record
avoiding repetition
promise scores
representations stored
network 1
form already
data provides
sentence planning
head projection
tests described
coordinated terms
pilot subjects
names identified
special processing
control locus
standard k
question mail
subordinate concept
n vectors
19 sentences
questions seeking
whittaker et
crafted lexicons
learner model
de co
noun class
best experiment
fewer choices
role projection
language co
speakers whose
cambridge university
9 table
unrestricted rules
come home
boundary elseif
scale hpsg
linear decision
level error
tv newscasts
focus entity
exact order
name corpora
particular surface
particular extraction
l linguistic
historical data
synchronous points
original np
point average
certain weight
based fisher
frequent morphemes
restructuring rule
methods start
another character
logic variables
honorific context
better confidence
mined data
first part
machinese syntax
namely word
phoneme translation
ldoce definition
lower coverage
grammar developed
formalism using
corresponding constituents
full constraints
asr systems
underlying language
failure occurs
drt formalism
large distance
decomposition allows
humans agree
final objective
english patterns
common length
greater utility
chain algorithm
en application
modal verb
master document
pp complement
key symbols
groups based
transformational derivation
unique identifiers
algorithm must
est pr
meaning corresponds
lesser extent
training conditions
geographical domain
tim word
alpine convention
extraction algorithms
figure 1a
obligatory arguments
nlp activities
retrieval rate
classification might
underlying relationship
edges derived
undirected relations
lfg ontology
7 points
links divided
suppression de
similar observation
adaptive production
valid solutions
element compound
passive arc
external variable
network locator
features characterize
a4 pattern
various loss
per segment
improved model
indicate grammatical
aligned segment
previous exposure
enough examples
data errors
delimited phrases
pair extraction
multilingual language
hypotactic construction
domain dependent
john slept
ambiguous proper
information gain
word link
previous iterations
progress protocol
telic process
final algorithm
html output
times reported
contain full
first code
model automatically
primitive dependency
parse failed
partial expression
thomas jefferson
syntax trees
allows rapid
ed b
thirty seconds
wor k
successful language
contextual postprocessing
statistical smoothing
edges necessary
informative prose
english portion
current design
serial manner
project whose
cohen 1981
domain computer
pp translation
type lexicon
best captures
story teller
kernel phrases
candidate sets
traditional beam
core metadata
selects among
noun ep
pedagogical value
5 generates
particular theory
probability assigned
term appearing
results automatically
score improvements
one right
variable symbols
distinct constant
automatic mt
characteristics mentioned
implementation thus
determiner choice
two subsystems
failure potential
1990 j
every dot
correlation modeling
change points
commercial mt
nonterminal label
obtains significantly
imperative linear
parameters obtained
phonological variants
informal interpretation
correct format
postcondition propositions
driven principle
valid paraphrase
sentence obtained
information distiller
chickering et
scenario task
negative otherwise
two thoughts
language synonyms
discourse base
japanese causative
document attributes
correction system
optional pp
group pattern
maximal length
language learners
reference results
mixed data
ranking candidate
signature term
desired form
idiosyncratic lexical
instance must
food concepts
hovy 88
knowledge contains
times smaller
constraining conditions
directed approach
fall somewhere
tree direction
communication management
several variants
violated expectations
judges manually
wsj 1987
punctuation may
blood cell
two proper
spectral estimation
virtual environment
labels indicate
concatenative grammars
coordination schema
pronoun like
wilensky et
intensity values
argument tuple
better methods
minimal non
likely places
operationality criteria
boy loves
hkust english
standard prolog
th class
single bit
nondeterministically returns
classifier performance
method 1
robust version
particular purposes
let al
input label
used giza
null clude
syntactic complements
significant difficulties
adverb ordering
individual transducers
une pomme
different symbols
4 models
words bearing
process unknown
knowledge level
italicized phrase
people believe
collect parallel
party dialogues
particular head
000 arcs
phonotactic model
term orientation
sentences indicate
ranked person
vector 2
understanding information
following corpus
treebank grammar
x sentence
resolve various
single expert
trains corpus
probabilities provide
dan klein
problem case
based combination
corresponding hypothesis
biological entity
unnecessary ambiguity
content terms
grammar links
state markov
pronoun referent
abstract automaton
translation string
first axiom
argument variable
create meaningful
false alarms
clusters automatically
categories common
cs level
transfer mt
bare sluices
use templates
several shortcomings
air travel
verb past
trouble tickets
mueller et
pairs involving
term vectors
following approach
polysemy patterns
selected elements
resolution scheme
two messages
construction task
utterances 6
japanese utterance
francisco airport
six percent
paper mainly
possible bias
network informal
information associated
xtag research
redundant information
sentence tags
equivalent automaton
attributes available
counting errors
following state
variables using
function associated
space since
synonym classes
ist der
new proposition
core argument
probabilistic retrieval
system instead
un livre
search beam
application schema
version 11
corpus provided
memory element
system dictionaries
one web
object order
resulting lists
possible form
parameter setting
unless n
input integrator
grammar literature
multimodal human
edges within
4 khz
features increase
2 errors
human travel
two substrings
la model
research perspective
programming errors
3 articles
lcs framework
data fi
full vp
muc events
transition jamming
sinica corpus
allows applications
successful acquisition
modeling applications
oral argument
contain useful
action component
function pa
trees added
level category
sequential position
modifier words
parsing strategies
process removes
facts explicitly
global control
language presented
analysis directly
column gives
models still
hand corrected
alignments generated
independent topic
n log
individual chinese
action sentences
global feature
second complement
interpreting update
deductive parser
living things
since context
appropriate explanations
anchored trees
earlier proposal
existing summarization
precise semantics
complex parsing
first manner
gene id
3 j
clear view
generalized phrases
appropriate sentences
conversational domain
type would
class algorithm
embedding phrase
represent anaphoric
decision algorithm
bank corpus
combinatory operations
spoken dialog
using disjoint
text need
edge set
information offering
rule applying
syntactical patterns
adding nodes
systems considered
nuclearity assignments
physics problem
recent wsd
pet spray
phrase appears
university center
dependency problem
argue away
surprising development
two feet
better separation
qui sent
parallel training
repeated adjunction
either corpus
sufficient condition
literal referents
entailment holds
si corpus
biographical data
standard measure
slight loss
final devoicing
toy corpus
statements following
sentential data
il est
recognized output
english concepts
computer communications
simple categorial
sole responsibility
senses tend
intelligence research
simple strategies
maximum weight
default inference
june 2002
uses shallow
scale project
second translation
published lists
du probl
value u
equivalent texts
particular house
category size
different effects
proper theory
inverted order
variable lengths
relevant patents
huge corpus
e v
either approach
davies et
good girl
learner trained
small reduction
accented words
words vs
whole test
different route
pairs made
improvements range
fellbaum et
complexity issues
raised entry
prevent incorrect
context layer
internal hierarchical
recall relative
urban terrorists
er ihr
underlying relation
either side
simple h
yielding n
active elements
form depending
overgeneration problem
boy played
ith token
focus machine
dependencies cannot
push np
detailed domain
access knowledge
domain consensus
miller et
nist scoring
language requires
english dialogues
specific type
practical experiments
morphological properties
possible trees
nominal components
linguistic tasks
independent clauses
conversational participants
one sense
original rules
direct implementation
possible verbalizations
correct tags
3 time
computational version
distributed amongst
contextual situation
typical text
top j
group gr
fair comparison
transitive translation
sentence coordination
c must
fine tuned
used translation
major exceptions
department lounge
splitting process
information drawn
two subprocesses
complete syntactic
node chain
type company
appropriate predicates
proposition may
synthesis device
integers 0
position zero
distance metrics
item element
undesirable effects
language phoneme
turn allows
different lengths
fusion component
centering transition
entities represented
past verb
related sets
web service
2 h
il existe
dependency bigrams
occurrence relationship
used maximum
unstressed pronoun
edge system
latent tree
rules independent
string hypothesis
phrase modifying
baseline plus
f n
known np
synchronous chinese
data conversion
candidate anchors
bottom domain
one standard
module calculates
use robust
distribution f
strong support
dest city
active annotation
nl sentence
create better
template form
major enhancements
biological weapons
caption text
complex world
bits questions
given person
classifications based
broadcast speech
following files
small probabilities
lois thinks
construct systems
spent developing
highest f
learned classi
data whereas
automatic domain
structures per
coherent corpus
incorporating constraints
principle states
category within
matches two
generation program
ambiguous term
new quantifier
n systems
electrotechnical laboratory
speaker introduces
constrained unification
part quantifier
pseudodocument vector
tfidf method
morphological descriptions
corporate finance
spanning multiple
cosine similarity
12 pairs
ideal benchmark
propositional arguments
necessary elements
k transliteration
one governor
hierarchical spans
language context
sentential reference
reliable coding
systematic ambiguity
merging states
tools used
induced model
based scores
simultaneously satisfies
separates multiple
new subjects
whatever structure
programming environment
relax ii
see bod
correct mapping
climbing algorithm
link constraints
occurrence data
extent independent
select sentence
component consists
rst set
distant microphones
tags makes
primary occurrence
node ti
next stages
ps la
declarative form
google api
conservative extension
names together
vq codebook
models derived
contain features
autonomous province
speaker wants
contain also
predictor features
e score
different architectures
learning name
singular pronoun
output translator
spurious names
unary rule
takes priority
process adds
high parsing
structure whose
inheritance relation
ton weijters
level number
additional hand
prompt texts
template entity
context 4
properties defined
annotation information
carberry 1990
contextual parameters
free parse
discourse material
network connections
functions allow
29 db
factoid identification
motor world
recall may
simon fraser
classified words
states shown
correct hits
union precision
topicality document
cation rate
translator could
separate tables
attenuated words
distribution includes
attention recently
fewer constituents
cai corpus
parser development
per compares
e node
modifier role
two term
semantic interactions
evaluations would
user model
characters preceding
lexical learning
rules corresponding
successive positions
annotated abstracts
project meetings
parser begins
kaplan et
van hentenryck
ga case
joint information
le module
german f
class corresponds
measure human
salient location
parsing task
text like
hastings et
equivalent entries
brennan drives
wh n
human targets
reparandum offset
model types
relation captures
words attached
la question
categorization methods
prot entries
segment begins
calculated recall
first subdialogue
like data
opposite ends
corresponding syllables
simply sets
restriction set
following day
first form
backward rules
least half
conceptual vector
component architecture
sequenc e
distance language
become accessible
path expressions
classes associated
formulation rules
referential information
always result
noun resolution
eventual system
nguyen et
selected attributes
judges could
unambiguous attachments
new agent
stochastic dependency
speech spoken
five experiments
theoretic approaches
design language
flat models
jump width
also enhance
classification based
speech recording
speech software
nous en
prolog lists
ongoing debate
recovery procedure
embedded segments
crucial points
error signal
technique makes
features would
context condition
tags might
functional grammar
ambiguous hebrew
select keywords
disambiguation among
verb l
atomic terms
channel symbols
joint work
evaluation disciplines
generative description
simple task
two proteins
effective interaction
wider use
interpretation space
functional uniqueness
3 senses
social processes
ith sublexicon
plan steps
based nl
level vision
optimal weighting
midnight fear
prolog parsers
worth reiterating
modal systems
word transfer
worth considering
health professionals
tape two
module used
versions 1
tile human
mean wml
general observation
adding text
total functions
vocal cords
1 plan
content presentation
beneficio neto
obvious task
trivial verbs
absolute terms
g generates
boolean completeness
translation links
processed string
better lexicons
crude heuristic
special null
confusion matrix
chunk types
given training
structure configurations
surgical deed
translational equivalence
great extent
brown dog
whose range
determining subjectivity
declerck et
stative sense
speaker links
restrictive assumptions
500 dimensions
1995 association
brousseau et
national computer
best accuracies
yesterday afternoon
approaches described
retrieved information
focus criterion
several users
mother rule
constraints given
perfect information
current part
final phase
tree assigned
decision function
pruning step
different accuracy
graphic words
thank eugene
concrete examples
many abbreviations
extraction engine
fu grammar
source equivalent
mentioned set
survey methodologist
roles assigned
peters et
corresponding topic
database searches
discourse plays
generic references
textual forms
dem patienten
prepositional relations
steedman 1982
mainly occurs
text variants
parsing decisions
grams whose
natural number
logical lead
semantic token
corresponding parse
suivant la
computer screens
three layers
initial number
buffer onto
internal grammar
student state
clearly dependent
rules mean
document segmentation
perform fli
values given
issue sentences
make guesses
achieves f
last noun
potential solutions
lm performance
verb complement
bases like
links exist
rank relevant
connected speech
example base
semcor texts
filter rules
guessing strategy
different locations
town red
oz data
much consideration
technique might
incorporate semantic
second file
early stage
often contains
context expression
contains 40
tagset 2
authors argue
subject noun
numbers etc
similarities generated
star project
six words
output sent
student records
result slot
complex planning
cardinality restrictions
segmentation problems
mapping principles
8 types
semantic work
coarse clustering
kay et
new functions
belief transfer
acquisition method
sequence corresponds
e states
underlying models
la fen
probabilities depend
textual parallelism
runs fast
diagram 4
level distinction
rite system
compilation time
b class
whole clause
interpretations within
gigaword collection
relevance weighting
living room
sentential idioms
des suffixes
relevant features
little time
chen 2003
intrinsic difficulty
encoding technique
substantial work
comparing strings
object multisets
word containing
grammar provided
window used
place constraints
lexical phonological
focused words
projects whose
collision set
side consists
svm may
things worse
code according
impossible bigram
translation mismatches
implement efficiently
better predictors
qualitative difference
city names
system designers
catalan number
following conditions
analysis problems
terms tend
using newsml
functions 1
explicit disjunction
separate transducers
driven inference
two calls
fragment types
database developed
lou gehrig
decide among
proximity value
complex verbal
crucial advantage
accuracy means
competing hypothesis
number 4
observation symbols
indirect causes
metaphorical usages
testing materials
defined features
large groups
temporal axioms
applying language
resolving pronouns
negative result
transliteration may
base run
cannot understand
linear increase
algorithm considered
subtree probabilities
size w
new n
among speech
suggested translations
fairly compare
moran et
ideas sleep
known rules
gidlp grammar
aux v
discuss applications
efficient technique
time elapsed
phrases based
fourth problem
kernel sentences
keyword selection
interfaces must
position word
vectors constructed
rabiner et
shared node
segmentation units
type rule
mixture state
lingual evaluation
alternatives window
combining rules
one connective
human time
geometrical objects
lemma pair
makes errors
meeting recording
danish dialogue
using ten
specific reference
location relations
rule activation
sense delimitation
details remain
match must
frame instance
along wit
every learning
good reasons
near state
exhibits considerable
third formant
time transformations
theory scoring
narrative documents
human speech
previous situations
muc program
documents without
forecast text
visual inter
jump model
related criteria
query condition
material selection
search reduction
resulting pattern
ten minutes
speech feature
daily work
examples 4
inappropriate candidates
viterbi iterative
descriptive theory
whole derivation
instances available
extra data
john doe
user question
texts tend
ii g
relies mostly
formerly sales
word cannot
analysis units
rules defined
correct proposed
shift step
cas may
fu shi
last half
certain independence
information actually
numerical constraints
languages exist
information detection
blue shirt
sadat et
base without
auditory front
argument preferences
query network
tag must
complex algorithm
knowledge elicitation
fast matches
selection patterns
4 explains
surface nlg
correct slot
input chinese
resolve differences
purpose word
integrated tool
given l
values corresponding
main sources
simplest version
good communication
one subset
single interpreter
task corpus
diverse forms
measure estimates
heidorn 2000
question series
standard use
iterative parsing
without gaps
overall feature
force acting
lexicon base
use derivation
unnecessary elements
ing n
phrase level
summary news
gaussian priors
realization failure
items chosen
answer extracted
structural distance
optimized approach
scientific reports
choice word
choix de
short piece
indirect complement
whose terms
possible pairwise
containing v
functional triple
wi th
keyword may
architecture called
grained task
il libro
formula representing
rank alternative
lexical islands
fragments found
accuracy evaluation
approach handles
due respect
6 uses
view would
task state
means used
legal context
descriptive purposes
regular use
naive rules
argument annotation
via email
without word
relative decrease
key technique
key cluster
cues may
scoring run
reduced representations
query refinement
words annotated
correct action
categories rather
honorific information
using ideas
relevance value
temporal distribution
data well
systems mentioned
les propositions
sensory stimuli
failure occurred
california common
text editor
p according
unambiguous interpretation
acceptability measure
material may
basic grammar
deep syntax
numeral classifiers
two texts
language commands
def 3
typical data
representative users
query expression
language request
3 compares
gender differences
process chunk
option 4
mentioned words
entities involved
pages 109
39 forms
include questions
text line
larger organization
vary among
distinguish non
sense occurs
contains speech
clausal coordination
kraus 1996
entities across
problem consists
columns correspond
additional symbols
automatic hyperlinking
shorter form
sls evaluation
review document
collection 1
essential aspect
another effect
2 reviews
sag 1995
onr contract
punctual pointing
train models
better retrieval
linguistic acts
unambiguous path
numbers shown
useless productions
flower shop
involved work
dictionary terms
previous attempts
loaded interpretation
network notation
original annotation
minor language
aux node
tag mapper
like idioms
based smt
one utterance
modality independent
psychological literature
student uses
schabes 1991
generate personalised
working set
concatenation rules
minimum answer
tree substituted
entity references
hebrew determiners
tc model
good point
interesting problem
conjunction arcs
knowledge incorporated
timit utterances
e iii
document specific
find occurrences
significant decrease
distinction would
smallest weight
groups similar
referent must
tagging sets
facts must
categories 4
associates lexical
18 month
intransitive usages
ht tp
better control
norwegian dialects
category specified
92 evaluation
meaning difference
senses together
field must
orejuela appeared
action pairs
syntactic generalities
recall metric
list rather
tasks related
learned knowledge
pivotal role
next sunday
stimulus conditions
grammar 2
user survey
consultation du
contextual vectors
former approach
xtag english
concepts rather
algorithm trained
superordinate concepts
logical formalism
works much
automatic sentence
users advised
step three
lisp 1
application databases
anova revealed
new possibility
appropriate pairs
deductive system
collocation translation
uniqueness requirement
operations take
another configuration
associative calculus
olsen et
presidential election
matching approach
always results
obvious solutions
accuracy value
mary loves
som model
architecture follows
different cluster
different technique
actual sentence
reverse trans
grammar says
audio search
lexlcal units
existing markup
hand tuned
methods assign
comme la
propose methods
using unigrams
thus plan
hard data
term weight
small time
based e
taxonomy building
syllabic units
noise models
name mention
quality word
findings provide
including objects
independent constraints
nucleus ius
box 218
chaque phoneme
kay 1980
null lem
two drawbacks
individual piece
ambiguous entries
assigns categories
appropriate predicate
ones cannot
feature within
text annotation
basic segment
identifying sets
np components
ucfg recognition
many strings
certain nodes
length relations
uth utterance
normalized probability
discourse copying
rightmost content
un inspections
dual formulation
phrases referring
test cortms
important extension
turn next
repair patterns
perplexity measures
e vi
combinatorial optimization
form via
free energy
anonymous nodes
th generation
4 subjects
deep understanding
data problem
stylistic characteristics
embedded finite
fragments generated
24 cases
digit numbers
standard stochastic
program code
cannot extract
shared mixture
incorporates information
addresses many
animals drink
value table
also possess
salient concept
le p
complex coordination
runs without
desired state
bounded growth
noisy nature
describe word
e viewed
grammar knowledge
construction also
adjectives often
local orchards
sentences chosen
carry class
real applications
several teams
local topic
10 shows
system containing
tipster processing
light gray
efficient communication
specialization class
simple questions
phonetic equivalent
density representation
place along
dialogue planner
major task
different children
presents empirical
phrases de
three configurations
content word
typical queries
variants like
questions tend
vp transform
small segment
using parentheses
potential power
algebraic properties
good text
minds uses
correspondant aux
two entries
lc parsing
pdf files
heuristics based
necessary syntactic
uniform weights
prosodic constituency
confluence state
data useful
predicates may
system consistently
remaining training
du 3
task scheduler
reduce error
markov networks
temporal conjunctions
adding data
actual temporal
preliminary effort
high salient
translation provided
shift within
potential features
linguistic interpretations
recognition provides
priori probabilities
paradigm used
values defined
proposition gives
data coverage
since information
process correctly
communication involves
objects present
experimental literature
inflectional module
e g
simple statistics
results arc
training source
portuguese words
base schema
backoff order
wilh respect
current subdialogue
position model
anaphora interpretation
units corresponding
similarity criterion
representing patterns
argument attributes
r satisfies
collection sessions
entire sub
daughter category
construction involved
state belongs
membership problem
greatly speed
genia 1
measure produces
job ads
resulting context
repeat 2
x given
optimal system
discourse sub
precedes c
communicated information
users communicate
information suggested
criteria set
cosine normalization
earley 1970
evaluate candidate
functional link
acquired deficits
determine verb
possible approach
service designer
spanish clitic
ann taylor
task uses
stop consonant
gapped sentences
language available
incorrect relations
bilingual concordances
vocabulary tests
transcription wizard
basic senses
word candidate
analysing texts
four fields
prolog goals
interpretation leads
words closely
possible state
null duced
fell swoop
inference results
next run
explanation based
possible side
locality constraints
concrete images
human linguist
turn contains
parameters representing
style parse
suggestive evidence
full theory
distinct variable
elementary tree
noise may
target annotations
equi verbs
vocalized arabic
qualitative analysis
predictive analyzer
several occasions
structural property
achieve maximal
bosnian serb
collaborative task
den broek
tile distribution
black bars
principles pri
6 translations
language interactions
parser results
western europe
effectively adapt
compounds according
parsing coverage
chinese segmenter
transition path
0 indicating
computer architectures
represent generalizations
learn similarity
organizational structure
generate reasonable
entire expression
berkeley framenet
speed range
tim lexical
occurrence may
local window
detect lists
interpretation could
distance models
useful output
sl text
turn level
parse network
output discourse
york yankees
governor labels
major decisions
characteristics used
original class
np analysis
lexical choice
item similarity
corpus includes
transitions given
directed inference
address n
dublin city
box testing
synonym lexicon
grammatical formatives
interface component
optional system
reports involving
four performance
hardest part
alternative formalisms
ceteris paribus
control method
one child
clustering coefficient
distractor set
output variable
multiple tag
let pl
free constraints
regular sound
manual tagging
programming problem
segments correspond
enumerable set
japanese processing
state language
neighbors according
problems described
ke shi
intelligent agents
lf expressions
final difference
haics file
accurate model
positions corresponding
wsj section
humans actually
attitudes toward
testing methodologies
preliminary experimental
mapping probabilities
komet grammar
representation r
etudes pour
categories separately
meaning components
particular size
reduce noise
language tutoring
head v
level template
formal distinction
particular style
25 queries
grained classifications
diaz de
include features
biomedical ner
web score
marker b
syntactic evidence
basic dictionaries
arg feature
paper wc
human interface
include also
therefore adopt
tagging framework
two post
actual physical
german training
conversational multi
within e
contain redundant
chinese translation
key items
making comparisons
wrong transliteration
ordering pattern
letters like
la souris
table iii
node r
arc type
hypotheses made
different dimensions
using variations
rhetorical tree
combining elements
provides context
lower confidence
pp node
opportunistic planning
hotel reservations
compressed sentences
condition checks
baseline statistical
right kinds
stede 1996
communications research
partial english
traditional grammar
systems utilizing
statistical constraints
anything goes
logic representation
lingual system
scanned image
order rules
3 judges
understood predicate
term categorization
pia hypothesis
phrasal pattern
multimodal document
subsumption order
relations indicated
age ranges
caller utterance
goal list
tasks including
significant interest
document references
language information
length approach
antecedent vps
identify areas
text class
auxiliary word
partial drs
since precision
focus principle
fsm toolkit
question similarity
frequency weighting
artificial root
architecture described
hmm would
iterations needed
ir algorithm
case time
medical dictation
conditional statement
computer engineering
structure frameworks
reports results
head agr
lowest weights
limited distortion
overall acceptability
alignment templates
faux pas
extract opinions
topical groups
exactly match
recognition strategies
2 bigrams
conceptual database
structural tree
fig 6
dictionary based
relevant paragraph
je task
orderings among
algorithm mentioned
pages 189
weighted value
specific advantages
limited impact
exact interpretation
automatic answer
use previously
one backward
phrase translation
effective syntactic
complete derivations
partial scores
variability among
actfl guidelines
types using
recovery strategy
secourir 1
since mary
lexicon plays
certain text
points raised
psychological perspective
compute three
corresponding dimension
discontinuous dependencies
cal knowledge
two indices
papers address
categorization feature
score propagation
quantified phrases
dale miller
de dire
closed syllables
specific operations
use throughout
instantiated head
selecting pairs
acoustic realization
phoneme transcription
specific help
module translates
instances x
two media
vary significantly
boundary trigram
distance may
command center
alias forms
net result
cooccurrence relations
state numbers
everyone knows
task conditions
restriction operator
southern taiwan
distribution provides
whole picture
error number
newspaper sentence
rules play
little hope
attention shifts
response sentence
word changes
design may
preliminary steps
van dale
ring structure
complexity theoretic
optional words
iterative algorithm
adj prep
declarative approach
stegmann et
translation 2
experiment involves
parsing features
conditions include
elided clauses
interests us
united nations
corresponding article
different items
company whose
place predication
parsing also
information lost
lithography system
applications require
algorithm concern
subjectivity annotation
acquire word
speaker 2
preferable set
containing occurrences
a14 a9a107a21
rate r
requires input
16 senses
different morphological
cell type
communication services
ranking criterion
one letter
like nouns
paper focused
se tenait
particular distance
automatically labels
effect information
similarity matrix
process uses
shared argument
axis gives
treebank containing
meeting recorder
antecedent domain
like simple
patent classification
reference language
similar transformations
initial template
additive correction
identification plan
prepend algorithm
boundary constraints
specific activity
attributive relation
occurring location
question contexts
episodic memory
meaning analysis
paninian grammar
training sentences
paper lies
true suffix
language universal
via query
x bar
giving dialogues
classification model
dec alpha
global aspects
nominalized predicates
sb formula
mechanism works
simple top
much time
head node
normalization techniques
analysis enables
nouns mentioned
eye movements
first corpus
sls system
distractor landmarks
includes punctuation
simple features
abbreviation name
following phrases
verb a4
aid system
primitives like
a0 a2
way set
stylistic effect
display format
algorithm estimates
telic verbs
citation sentences
population parameters
use single
sejong corpus
tile amount
technique must
restrict consideration
script language
confidence bands
help making
mt dictionary
light bulb
segmental phonetic
antecedent candidate
fragments may
unsupervised language
answer system
common parent
associative memory
possible uses
least p
function table
word ones
model outputs
clarification dialog
dynamic type
third edition
text boxes
modern word
medical doctors
define conditional
first approach
remaining parses
used classes
actually constitutes
next sub
left context
promising alignments
representation principles
filler examples
second score
problems currently
assuming independence
proper size
sentence samples
bitext correspondences
first state
bayesian network
existing taxonomies
au cas
outer context
limited form
ad j
structures required
phoneme correspondences
cz test
four base
systematic effort
harmony marks
stem types
every choice
vectors based
noticeable effect
hpsg semantic
routine must
pronoun resolution
template corresponding
critical information
contains nothing
chinese people
describe similar
trained coders
graph indicates
translation knowledge
rule orderings
older versions
task must
trees resulting
la voyellation
individual strings
useful patterns
evaluation takes
recognizer hypothesizes
planner takes
english headword
domain predicates
gender linguistic
history views
providing explanations
second node
object languages
using muc
specific nouns
transitive object
communicative obligations
son livre
absolute word
principle consists
source direction
restructuring sub
evaluation tool
industry object
people tend
6 clusters
measured features
music store
model integrating
recall improved
temporal adverbial
inflectional suffix
better output
starting words
v pairs
franklin 91s
kaplan 1988
frozen expression
long strings
different terminology
hint words
much relevant
one except
learn automatically
ii architecture
perceptual term
termination problem
aggregation operations
within sets
structure w
ensuing discussion
transitive frame
accurate question
gram func
class indexing
financial data
redundant readings
thirty days
tree classifiers
without question
schema presented
indicate co
express opinions
subcategorization details
dependent tree
model representation
performance increases
parse proceeds
state relation
rm2 database
null tics
enters step
lexical graph
reference numbers
names according
algorithm operating
object respectively
objets de
see cohen
eight test
category occurring
sentence exists
call type
typical semantic
practical utility
verbalized pronunciation
adjacent pair
nested structure
syntactic nature
object interpretation
le livre
original svm
gold corpus
techniques involve
intersective modifiers
subtopic structure
sense b
temporal database
feature specified
positive rates
level definition
systems center
caraballo 1999
michael riley
phrase referents
participant structure
techniques make
pos tagged
manual labelling
significant bit
based framework
morphological distinctions
news transcripts
adj adj
sentence missing
containing case
phrase boundary
reuse existing
ordering relationships
semantic sort
lexical parameters
human assistance
join together
based summarization
end processing
produces performance
useful representations
syntactic order
viegas et
empirically demonstrates
ambiguities would
inherent advantages
another similarity
represent surface
parole et
scale study
version may
common format
recognition task
pollard et
corresponding constraint
logical components
like fashion
game aspect
interaction strategies
translated examples
one drawback
generic sense
utterance act
recognize paraphrasing
models share
one potential
comparing system
management test
subsets based
steve jobs
weighted set
cohn 2000
monolingual parse
oriented systems
standard backoff
clearly inadequate
identify multiword
accuracy increased
chunk representation
ill case
inclusion conditions
answer words
unsupervised acquisition
discourse stream
yields one
resolving bridging
reading dependency
role states
good data
arbitrary name
3 cannot
account syntactic
students first
varying quality
np denotation
extractive approaches
differ depending
also plan
synchronous strings
probability q
coded text
random errors
selected window
intentional goals
inflection types
speech parts
culmination point
ten senses
diagnosis procedure
many percent
different styles
object function
curve indicates
selection mechanisms
compute various
lexicon without
repetition within
required context
various assumptions
understanding literature
dependency phenomena
jth sense
jan landsbergen
symmetric property
basic issue
promote marker
cant differences
become arguments
sentence ti1
phrase list
potable liquids
aspect rules
information communicated
tutor v
evaluation rules
automaton may
existing classifications
level includes
phrasal context
explanation texts
traditional dictionaries
except c
semantical systems
existing solutions
lc algorithm
000 medline
branch would
tile document
average gain
bayesian propagation
among judges
planning activities
en msme
text abstraction
description contained
parse error
null tion
dictionary de
phrases similar
discourse ruptures
individual parser
based ib1
possible conditions
initial formulae
pos tag
guide parsing
rather subtle
whole complex
certainly require
distributions based
thirty queries
nominal group
speech portion
based criteria
central memory
actual recognition
type assumed
gnome project
nugget importance
second states
potential gains
location must
including variables
compound x
calculated precision
smaller discourse
activity rather
partial negation
different taggers
chin 1986
final analysis
e following
produce output
recording script
testing stage
include lists
feedforward networks
words 2
specific fashion
previous values
30 test
translation template
human judges
distinct procedure
existing encyclopedias
vectors better
null 2000
verb v
use complex
trace stack
l without
form valid
statistical sense
complete application
large bitexts
way words
structural tag
narrative description
asr text
majority opinions
authorship recognition
tradingvoyage rule
reference relation
grained features
informative summaries
linear discriminant
instance vector
spontaneous discourse
concrete concepts
sample rate
legal information
integrated decoding
prefinal verb
use ad
trained parser
postal code
important events
evolutionary process
possibly inconsistent
taiwan speakers
various transformations
type inferencing
un projet
word form
since john
slightly improves
paper suggests
synset assumption
additional cluster
processing input
one cause
labels linked
laplacian embedding
coherence assumption
two propositions
bergen corpus
predicting countability
inferences involving
causes cancer
articles would
moran 1988
one assumes
atomic event
paralinguistic features
possible collocation
spontaneous conversational
sentence analysis
shared properties
low occurrence
whose word
system changes
session proceeds
close test
algorithm produces
systematic syntactic
dependent meaning
tree associated
street analysts
resulting constituent
sample string
spoken command
government research
knowledge seems
unsupervised relation
fourth entry
growth rate
cobuild dictionary
roles associated
et dans
phrase struc
presentation sessions
determined paths
root verbs
parallel versions
facilitate retrieval
person et
e consists
comparing words
orthographical system
singular vs
computer security
automatic expansion
sentences linked
blocks may
additional column
svm struct
pronouns without
partial specifications
logical analysis
singular indefinite
future exploration
damsl corpus
several difficulties
empty range
variable type
five articles
identifies two
relevant phenomena
knowledge poor
google queries
input medium
missed parses
corney et
single item
one adjunct
first day
dependent spelling
compiler uses
error anticipation
translation exercise
model increased
semantic paraphrases
kenneth ward
consistent types
rich data
simplest model
identification techniques
de synonymes
investigated word
multiple parsing
larger label
three frameworks
semantic behaviour
node spans
vue de
f ij
straightforward application
phrase concatenation
dialogue parser
topic marking
generation steps
term independence
builds upon
corazza et
maximal np
immediate constituents
n nodes
word entity
syntactic annotations
reasoning abilities
course content
remaining task
reference summaries
measure used
distinct kinds
pic models
metal mt
pronoun generation
idp model
multiple hypotheses
mappings must
good queries
qui contient
supervised parser
ben bao
segmentation based
vital nugget
art performance
useful aspects
generator produces
head 7
seen bigrams
preferred referent
local constraints
goal conflict
common tags
distance metric
previous atis
restricted size
high grade
larger construction
process creates
word categories
best mt
adapted probabilities
theoretical complexity
system require
new location
modularity constraint
disjunctive properties
deal gracefully
topic headings
end process
features changed
knowledge filtering
different type
sowa 84
exemplar story
variation around
final ontology
number o1
cant increase
prince 1993
nodes labeled
feature sharing
call stack
referential readings
general assumptions
earlier analysis
one tape
underlying n
optimal hyperplane
based training
certain data
individual evaluation
sentence starting
analysis based
match human
word spellings
pattern method
compound formation
bare nominals
exact details
upper branch
simple lists
collocation kernel
projective trees
weighted words
valuable discussion
adjacent segments
talk switch
support techniques
2 considers
negation must
interactive training
eliminate certain
stochastic process
uses four
main dictionary
verb node
occurrence maximization
main tree
state models
formal discussion
application allows
resoudre ce
transition values
use spaces
frame q
aryan languages
performance falls
complex grammars
lowest agreement
haruno et
column reports
mathematical system
noun anaphora
others tend
certain combinations
average ranking
context cues
class determination
filling templates
mercredi de
method 3
phrase specifies
pattern learning
structure attributes
vassar college
treebank part
notational variants
25 target
error knowledge
p subj
either source
pp argument
originating sites
translation operation
different rates
ranked node
sl queries
finite bound
gao xing
token nodes
subj obj
disjunctive descriptions
robust estimates
linguistic situation
many system
orthographical words
ones employed
tagging sequence
standard assumptions
argumentation structure
multiword terms
word se
linguistics problems
length must
use direct
find relationships
less emphasis
2 sg
200 clusters
turn boundary
procedure fails
right strategy
different machines
technical challenges
language construct
appropriate message
general transformations
unification systems
pragmatic structures
patterns described
question concerning
major features
human processes
suitable framework
whole documents
insights concerning
verb leave
one processing
flexible composition
indicate relationships
figures 13
big hollywood
sentence whether
type run
syntactic preprocessing
destructive operation
framework would
given v
pc running
aac device
binary reduction
anything useful
plans represent
primary feature
preposition stranding
forms occurring
base generator
user said
natural intonation
hasan 1976
grammatical processes
systems used
3 candidate
medical doctor
terms since
disambiguated tag
heuristics determine
introduce semantic
sequential organization
strategy 1
gradual refinement
basic transfer
complete success
subset languages
dependent vocabulary
use documents
levels within
learning method
far indicate
compute initial
inside match
learn weights
goal frames
microphone array
design choices
verb frequencies
generation probability
annotation mode
decoder algorithm
complete vp
cooperative model
s2 connb
another plan
resulting information
nltk provides
every test
form mining
cna personal
diagram showing
unambiguous classes
nondefault information
many options
helps improve
image captions
research include
letter names
generates multimedia
complex directional
replacement operator
length rn
additional dimensions
label different
actual situation
quantified sentences
tasks perform
use two
3 participants
problem stems
proposed language
two morphemes
rule leads
let si
supervised evaluation
automatic solution
les r
golden corpus
formal operation
achieve significant
frequent cb
one tier
columns 6
vector fi
dictionary entries
one step
steven abney
resolving discourse
war work
current corpus
various notions
null pendency
section explores
procedures attached
frequency words
match sentences
method supports
labeled vp
second case
tags considered
definition shows
annotated word
knowledge states
integrating prosodic
english inflectional
opposing views
informative selection
interesting implications
special thanks
later analysis
e matched
formula one
analyse des
two possibilities
7 evaluation
handles non
seed points
parser returning
input strings
des concepts
reference region
texts since
current approach
rule could
state may
data entry
simple paragraph
john see
semantic variant
approach achieves
provide rich
current state
english phonemic
a11 a14
topic contains
top candidate
social differentiation
dialogs used
reference models
chunking procedure
accuracy levels
entropy scores
resulting compound
left constituent
events related
hai xia
complex indexing
static information
corpus section
corpus provides
procedures outlined
table consists
produce representations
method yielded
improvement given
morpheme structure
x log
information previously
ig indicates
ellen voorhees
permet une
masculine singular
discourse generator
realistic data
based l
normalized energy
formulas f
frames extracted
rate reduction
constituent roles
following component
morpheme tagging
average shortest
pro level
postnominal modifiers
medical encyclopedia
processing need
stronger baseline
adverb fast
uniform representation
takes scope
rancid butter
ranking principle
many words
strict subcategorization
features induced
la femme
following sentences
continuous hidden
construct text
wa zitensya
tonal elements
extensible markup
extensions include
sections 00
information throughout
pittsburgh penguins
dimensions using
tabular form
examples showing
antecedent entity
three kinds
grid point
containing descriptions
generative procedure
main meaning
event interpretation
distance gives
consecutive days
tural language
addition would
associated tree
unsupervised models
preference factor
nombre de
public relations
promising strategy
use even
ying jiu
system diseases
processing tool
combine syntactic
topl correct
existing features
uniform mechanism
second g
events directly
e joint
word triphones
also resolves
formal definition
goal object
free forms
transformational description
extract feature
study different
correct routing
account specific
kanji stem
extract examples
additional items
probability test
true partition
implemented version
vietnamese words
every flight
intensive approach
lowest average
life applications
local web
new reports
prepositional phrases
focuses attention
previous frame
learning classifiers
opposite scheme
lewis 1991
smooth shifts
eat salad
simple pcfg
additional morphological
evaluate machine
speaker label
translated output
adjectives appearing
speech coding
second argument
underlying hypothesis
reporting conditions
reporting mr
training center
workstation environment
prediction errors
specialised grammar
semantic category
tree q
given node
slack variables
1 design
development bitext
goal frame
lexical neighborhoods
356 sentences
coded data
standard preposition
feature occurring
erroneous extraction
corpus errors
clause modification
authority relationship
false inferences
spectral radius
hypothesis testing
participants worked
potential goals
research provides
feature matrices
niessen et
strong baseline
ips parser
june 1987
category definitions
national foundation
alternate approach
procedural type
impaired people
make mistakes
retrieve circuit
previous decision
time algorithms
weakly supervised
part way
general lines
one b
disambiguation phase
middle name
proposed acquisition
items added
h des
general translation
lig rules
use structure
point might
textual distance
hahn ranking
chunk index
specific name
see schank
project deals
program makes
gram sequence
name candidate
additional point
available entities
constraint base
traditional view
segmented discourse
previous account
deep cases
z 2
obstacle q
sufficient quantity
identi ed
distributional statistics
tape drive
text generation
predetermined number
varying degree
program starts
acquisition device
rate went
training scripts
dictionary model
either component
paper reports
likely referent
measure pressure
learning gain
components discussed
string frequency
admissible sequences
clausal adverbials
dependencies correctly
ist die
girl blamed
moderate correlation
size window
two axioms
target languages
person masculine
monologic discourse
design corporation
boguraev 1990
first guess
2 displays
expressions created
briscoe et
describe lexical
matching phrases
usa today
km questions
new methodology
classifiers like
instance creation
unrecognizable word
set sizes
right conjunct
rhetorical parsing
token text
annotation number
abstract document
generic extraction
plan adoption
greater impact
reference may
unfilled pause
asr data
concordance system
computer terminology
translate russian
tree u
suitable training
sekimizu et
treebank tagset
chinese wsd
salient portions
another project
addresses problems
addresses several
grammars within
political parties
level higher
procedures developed
verb occurrences
enough attention
intonation unit
mental rotation
general notions
arity constraints
communication situations
national security
editing step
tous ces
called gate
without cross
xtract system
estimate would
low percentage
binarization pattern
big blue
value spaces
two vector
tree modification
special format
synonymy information
standard earley
dialog corpus
discrete data
properties seem
julian hill
complex components
processing rules
standard translation
system answers
frames represent
entire formula
set 1
europarl corpus
rare occasions
7 percent
different reference
ordinary unification
found constituents
location phrases
handling texts
english adverb
arc pointing
interactive poster
restricted length
binary hierarchical
intellectual activities
anderson et
school text
level indicator
scoring measure
year effort
give birth
mention briefly
concrete noun
smart system
good semantic
vertices represent
open attachment
phonetic variation
cooperative question
coboost algorithm
two cross
standard maximum
quality automatic
another attribute
john refused
stance towards
matrix based
linguistic grid
traditional ibm
dialog state
program might
factor influencing
control graph
summary table
benchmark version
interesting phenomena
centroid cut
using absolute
mentioned cases
summaries based
informational queries
among domain
de kinderen
priority queue
expressions contained
kasami 1988a
use 14
approach results
structural hypotheses
language string
edu boundaries
regular path
systems learn
taggers require
steven gillis
multiple modifications
macdonald et
ontological commitments
full size
user move
ne module
extracted grammars
tractable size
calculate similarities
rule examples
training session
associated meaning
construction requires
remaining questions
potential cover
corresponding dependency
est souvent
stegentritt ascof
distance equal
information implicit
control parameters
processing like
complicated system
architectural modules
one idea
rules identified
applied rule
collections used
identify tokens
particular restriction
conceptual metaphor
monde newspaper
among candidate
human domain
magic rule
cognitive impairments
ltag grammar
communication languages
common action
samuel et
f shows
sets respectively
language modelling
many obstacles
value results
type schema
dialog behavior
two chunkers
target function
segmenter achieved
trigram tagger
using negation
dependent disjunctions
goal states
sentence one
include space
encountered problems
context specifications
appearing august
baseline hmm
per se
every clause
deciding word
geological survey
subsumption algorithm
retain ambiguity
distance n
limited corpus
contributes little
fixed parameter
work directly
error ratio
produce statistically
sentence markers
way related
terms found
important discourse
possible phrases
finding rule
springer corpus
synset intersection
among participants
individual system
computer facilities
distance reflexives
clause templates
de col1ng
pair among
window interface
annotated example
lexicai items
analysis failures
sided error
list captions
dangling sentences
english construction
redwoods corpus
entire english
finite domain
distribution statistics
11 c
substantial number
approach resulted
mi value
grammar include
discourse planners
tendency toward
pointing device
8 note
repair module
system adds
p becomes
human consultant
events including
human professional
high degree
called token
pairs may
lower perplexity
vowel would
expansion technique
attested senses
context represents
annotation provided
abney 1996
q believes
specific prosodic
four letters
modeling framework
110 labels
node agenda
l research
architecture requirements
interlingua specification
judge whether
intention inference
third rule
trees automatically
human participants
compositional treatment
obtained thesaurus
eiffel tower
intended purpose
pronominal subjects
verb vi
qui caract
ihe target
old job
two eventualities
algorithm used
difference feature
official trec
surface grammar
english orthography
still achieves
model directly
data space
single dictionary
recognition power
spurious entries
single tree
make c
news sources
contain valuable
strong lexicalization
complex analysis
although context
thank lynette
procedure outlined
stage employs
paraphrastic means
often combine
trained system
word chunk
called ovis
plausible candidates
reranking scheme
step would
pen input
world wide
sentences preceding
shorter translations
results directly
recognition features
research environment
salience ranking
rich semantic
mitre data
association thesaurus
findings show
recognition also
n belongs
fallback rules
inference relationship
iso standard
probability table
contains domain
negative language
phrase object
postprocessing step
sl may
meaningful strings
conclusion based
ordering information
two nps
lexical anaphors
nl systems
column shows
gradual approximation
reordering process
systems fall
sense groups
language behaviour
personnel domain
difficulty understanding
groupe ii
ontology formalism
model onto
conditional probability
language barriers
entity finder
1 matches
screen location
illformed input
label corresponds
context e
missing value
claus e
un chat
dictionaries would
sufficient sets
serious difficulties
semantic perspective
methods give
cooperative human
automobile industry
spoken face
tile probabilities
psg rules
method needs
good target
murveit et
proper tag
problem rather
phrase frame
required information
another consonant
n utterances
decorated cfg
story segment
aac systems
explicit measure
increased risk
whose correctness
extraction precision
interpreter based
selects samples
ordering alternatives
special tags
method use
distributional features
jth child
interact using
generator used
also members
language speaker
global organization
present participle
precision extraction
wordnet cousins
actual verb
called universal
structures learned
student explanations
combined class
primitive edit
concept area
highest coverage
users access
type applications
natural sounding
measure captures
synchronous system
operate upon
domain type
automated scores
contain adjectives
action expressions
cousin relation
nouns used
length phrases
meteor metric
functional ones
two pictures
nonhead daughter
finer grained
conceptual time
successive generations
following recursion
evaluation effort
optimal feature
pair occurring
search server
supervised system
appropriate expressions
entity extraction
foreign loan
alignment failure
vise versa
text using
du noeud
draft using
augmented relevancy
individual words
second reason
node j
language developed
feedback information
atom x
training used
decorated trees
thresholding parameters
generating algorithm
treebank trees
formatted text
xg translator
preposition groups
canonical set
constraint disjunction
antonym judgment
derivational generative
category tags
right parse
filler concepts
st least
trivial class
approximate solution
bracket types
existing lists
status individuals
ordinary prolog
input value
interest towards
human production
using e
vast quantities
dependency feature
known difficulties
entities could
ied kernel
subtrees approach
common formalism
discourse refers
interpretation capability
certain labels
articulation test
continuous variable
percent word
preferred class
time broadcast
case cannot
creation factor
chart captions
queries sent
leftward application
long words
conditioning context
higher perplexity
syntactic attachments
orthographic representations
name usually
algorithm obtains
deterministic version
contain extra
prospective users
rules seem
developed grammars
row labeled
transition pair
additional type
existing parsers
binary grammar
formal register
expected focus
domain covers
subjects use
probability derivation
lexical search
le comportement
formed output
dick et
utterances could
context f
edge indicates
2 space
use pronouns
linguistics 384
scores differ
rater uses
different microphones
chosen level
associated modifier
editing distance
example generator
procedure developed
possible encoding
diagram represents
standard file
many levels
conjunctive form
strings thus
view without
advanced discourse
wilks 75
implementation effort
mark wasson
clause proof
alternative responses
utterances spoken
dimension 2
mixture component
neither constitutes
grammar errors
header information
dont il
longer durations
rhetorical planning
information involving
use edit
computational measures
issus de
silence features
human trainer
yields performance
composite topic
smart russian
texts generated
show cheap
geographic meaning
single meaning
r algorithm
automaton n
data manually
ghr parser
distance hypothesis
paraphrase generator
computed scores
successful parse
entry e
le fair
nnp nnp
output probability
relative date
represented knowledge
3 categories
number represents
ie module
constituents within
sections 2
domain treebank
require specification
times given
therefore differ
largest cluster
square statistics
mode selection
importance factor
jets serve
english page
identify relations
straightforward ways
e common
bases using
lehmann et
across morpheme
proposed models
five randomly
human ones
lexical development
forgetting curve
offer new
tm uses
programming methods
n combinations
every dop
one describes
normalized sense
triples identified
comprises several
interesting topics
file level
verbal system
object referenced
expression formalism
preliminary draft
diversity penalty
mainly verbs
frequency related
mercer 1983
segmentation model
key advantages
extended event
part shows
role consists
wordclass information
specific actions
direct answer
email message
present challenges
using s1
activated part
component extracts
system solves
query e
demonstrative expressions
secondary category
distribution also
easily compare
reference alignments
verification rate
best sentence
comparative complement
becomes 0
pas r
goal case
external constraints
aligned neighbours
teach students
gene interaction
parameters depend
realistic settings
american airlines
german versions
fast version
several dialogue
technique mentioned
mt bilingual
special rules
several roles
amigo et
certain nouns
search cannot
path sentence
configuration files
best setting
sketch difference
certain target
french manuals
personnel changes
semantic marker
cannot accurately
straightforward integration
nominal modifiers
hlines 13
information results
automatically computes
analysis model
5 e
function results
axis plots
line documents
tags ti
summary judgments
ontotext project
translate directly
information introduced
inference relation
phrase pair
expressions appeared
inconsistent information
possible source
open issue
lower position
context sets
confirms previous
many sequences
partial training
top categories
rc matches
subcategorization differences
c used
full length
centering list
language literature
initial errors
corresponding antecedent
syntax component
far indicates
different expertise
lexlcal entries
mining techniques
reported recall
friedman using
certain kind
system author
two binarization
performance might
mode may
rankings generated
almost anything
category marked
superfluous information
utterance pairs
wide web
er model
thank graeme
tutoring sessions
feature definitions
using monte
distribution across
phrase initial
virtual prototyping
key activity
optional cases
delayed naming
clinical medicine
unrelated senses
segment relation
words accepted
model names
overall purpose
email corpora
fills slots
29m words
intuitive characterization
available context
sentiment words
phrase correspondences
stage would
examine another
acres decoling
argument application
recursive structure
rasch measurement
reach 100
mci model
alignment map
e work
string maps
fl e
noemie elhadad
two ports
many approaches
wiebe 1990
structural modifications
steps toward
parsed trees
following pairs
consistent representation
base allows
la couche
similar algorithms
string substitution
prize money
symbolic products
chinese broadcast
experiments including
largely language
rules together
functional form
language mode
answer keys
core ideas
powerful grammars
current guess
qualitative performance
discourse deictics
context described
new challenges
sentences illustrate
abbreviated forms
lexical polysemy
bilingual equivalences
il capo
goal argument
construct queries
objects given
certain extent
different advantages
concept denoted
f templates
established theories
forest nodes
complete surface
complete extraction
following paragraphs
two document
using sets
dialogue responses
different subcategorisation
categories called
emission probabilities
plausible coherence
syntactic ambiguities
models need
small changes
referential knowledge
dumais et
state building
input set
employ features
given bitext
identifying questions
pairwise method
meaningful evaluation
labels p
jockey raced
n queries
null part
pronoun anaphora
use technology
microphone 1
results listed
following predicate
particular parsing
semantic transformation
indicate information
gure 5
name entity
database front
la r6solution
computation tractable
different operations
basic ones
actor might
tracking algorithm
reference choices
number f
chunking strategy
subjects took
splitting rules
two quite
similarity effects
size constraints
semantic redundancy
ruigo shin
word files
smt systems
example consider
n relation
single tie
state coupling
subject codes
temporal segment
rule output
lexical weight
particular hypotheses
turing frequency
multitext grammar
potential suffixes
novel data
45 b
matching component
triggering word
node attachment
per chunk
alternative orderings
symbol w
alphabet mapping
training separate
becomes stable
masculine animate
studies use
whole description
center transitions
es pour
first act
set classification
models behave
matching sentences
applicable conditions
assign stress
two di
b 0
problem inherent
potential benefits
genia 3
generate well
340 questions
enriched lexicon
information resources
contains 8
method appears
generating function
internal form
research focus
hand edge
grammar built
third base
passive version
r corresponds
structure parse
treasured possession
gesture combination
null code
adding prosodic
alternative methods
satellite would
uses chinese
group began
support mechanism
wide sense
conditional upon
closed producer
document extraction
terms consist
linguistics community
two experiments
new sailboat
content selectlon
projectivity depth
discourse allows
coordinating committee
collect candidate
either refer
perfect knowledge
voice messages
contextual clue
character like
syntactic interpretation
small ones
novel combinations
expression representing
huge amount
consecutive nouns
dialog must
function gf
international acm
empty word
structural support
functional categories
linked tree
complete theory
tillmann 1996
extraction rather
three cats
knowledge descriptions
returns null
fewer instances
e precision
nodes stand
list called
better compare
fe identification
method works
given entities
semantic checks
wrapping pattern
single modifier
similar frequencies
concepts called
final field
questions generated
elided forms
grammar acquired
idiomatic tree
separate system
50 percent
de contraintes
tokenization procedures
nonlinear phonology
resources contain
generate full
semantic compositions
revision mechanism
au verbe
input system
module containing
based disambiguator
ful l
extract patterns
background process
magdalena zoeppritz
smaller steps
descriptions might
word uses
resulting bleu
perpetrator slots
syntactic path
choosing words
extraction programs
adjoining languages
memory consumption
directed edge
computational experiments
2 topics
reachability relation
neighboring word
module processes
special slot
practical mt
mary reset
redundant ratio
sense verbs
terms may
smaller syntactic
meanings derived
cepstral mean
jewish community
one noteworthy
stack containing
period follows
police said
query sets
phonological alternations
score represents
model units
molecular function
strict notion
speech module
n nom
en langue
texts consist
matthews 1985
distinct syllables
hungarian pos
linguistic systems
take ai
stem candidates
vocabulary item
stories often
rule defines
concept tagging
matrix entries
show empirically
sloan research
parsed tokens
syntactic function
major goals
asian countries
one views
0 incident
style checking
constraint without
solved forms
group closely
among entity
ayuso et
important elements
different simple
html page
bracketing paradoxes
resulting string
called john
system corpus
term found
focusing scores
computational linguistics
structure helps
candidate entities
languages express
noun adjuncts
additional reference
discuss briefly
knowledge engineer
final aspect
traditional part
modal relation
data leads
irrelevant allophones
use smoothed
expected inputs
two satellites
temporal granularity
symbolics 3640
parser encounters
agent server
theory consisting
autosegmental analysis
inverted pyramid
extraction phases
fourth feature
4 pm
classifier c
system approach
among categories
e subject
possible explanations
october 1995
nouns fall
target values
covariation approach
effective web
ones corresponding
guidelines provide
safety board
independent processing
sometimes produces
backward application
les rapports
setup used
sixty seconds
system state
human entity
performance comparisons
overlap relation
possible sentences
extensional equivalence
important kinds
representation formed
dependent algorithm
module cannot
sophisticated combination
two database
two straightforward
translation errors
used google
conditional clauses
pieraccini et
supporting tools
corresponding abstract
time zone
ascii file
identify proper
information appropriate
ham dle
commercial systems
bootstrapping iterations
hierarchical taxonomy
first source
small impact
data could
prefix strings
classification experiments
source concept
object identification
specification defines
shorter phrases
conditions represent
past language
gram statistics
words receive
state n
retrieval strategies
phrase ordering
embedded sub
direct counterpart
le projet
actual systems
coherent paragraphs
one male
system records
system independent
best answer
nb items
plsi model
parsers would
associated parsing
modifier word
strings derivable
short topics
sufficient training
even word
verb following
disambiguation components
formatted data
loves every
e written
models like
nodes selected
gas station
distinct topic
see wiebe
tactic analysis
deux ensembles
chain rule
tile time
bare stem
evidence indicating
annotation exercise
systematic application
convolution kernel
vision systems
ace relation
certain proposition
researchers may
j x
compositional meaning
inverse transformation
per state
lexical divergences
students working
essential content
distinct parse
tile speech
system behavior
partial parses
learning parameters
valid partial
example refers
perspective indicators
tree transforms
database include
without parallel
evidence supporting
john must
subcategorization lexicon
arc name
level decisions
word defined
separate words
two principles
referring np
np meanings
word prepositions
place within
cases respectively
morphosyntactic mapping
input words
detecting relations
processing class
testing texts
approximate translations
similarity judgment
parsing could
arabic sentence
said mr
reading times
words include
morphological category
incomplete node
parser models
scoring paths
play complementary
plain vanilla
use ordinary
immediate way
various algorithms
original dialogue
subsequent sentences
basic form
bad translation
harvard university
8 units
prediction problem
algorithm captures
simply lists
deux de
tree labeled
segment models
statistical filters
two parallel
fuzzy logic
constructing word
reasoning schemas
violate semantic
symbols c
vocabulary management
semantic template
partial sequence
dn detection
intermediate task
oriented point
modification candidates
systems contain
class field
greater variety
preprocessing methods
rada et
dalle molle
methods combined
technique produces
gemini project
processing effort
rule patterns
thus increases
algorithmic transducers
many facts
various schemes
lexical categorization
idiomatic meaning
training experiment
others since
ideal cooperation
certain resemblance
language perspective
separate codebooks
normalized forms
instruction set
feature tags
pertsov 1987
organization involved
score f
phrase argument
principle 4
general wsd
new dependency
stored plan
controlled search
new gene
atomic element
training corpora
new templates
character net
ce probl
gpsg treatment
simple pronoun
des agents
mind system
string occurs
good name
gain control
operation applies
two signatures
identifying features
sentence classifier
link length
pragmatic interpretations
derived l
average labeled
2 leads
use bayesian
reiter 1995
similar occurrences
nikon corp
svm classifiers
instant delivery
length sentences
entropy framework
virtual examples
excluding proper
software module
collection c
proposed procedure
utterance type
r phase
subtrees must
input syntax
side category
pharaoh decoder
incorporate arbitrary
tag used
elimination scheme
phonetic method
towards automatic
prototype developed
sprec test
acronym candidate
lexical usage
strict left
corpus coverage
agent cannot
13 prepositions
grammar constructs
set notation
word dependent
hypothesized alignments
grounding process
parametric signature
extract concepts
interesting examples
giving feedback
obvious benefits
cannot achieve
recognize patterns
possible sites
research problem
using criteria
training memory
software agents
interdependent features
lcc system
long sequences
validation using
disambiguate even
addresses issues
workstation running
basic categories
reference n
total test
coverage results
morphosyntactic rules
english comparable
free processing
g e
ovis utterances
hig h
word collocation
output window
fight context
channel operations
standard wsd
en parall
individual approaches
candidate pattern
particular planning
allow information
contextual aid
various frequencies
lose track
translation environment
common heuristics
predicate governs
six modules
inference may
diagram summarization
example c
moyen de
ellipsis types
traditional manner
class array
assignment based
museum domain
v chunks
weighted transducer
three syllables
declarative sentences
list includes
concept spotting
summarizer uses
something much
word translations
time descriptions
practical domain
8 cases
data retrieval
ambiguities arising
record generation
attribute assignment
n trials
candidate synonyms
tile trace
compositional nature
systems yet
theory concerning
thesaurus category
detection step
construct semantic
parser may
ambiguity may
null nition
scene retrieval
kingsbury et
three sample
new instances
monolingual dependency
mouse movement
oriented text
4 shows
phonemic strings
independent process
satisfy constraints
help distinguish
adjacent non
although information
cannot control
less error
optional terms
backward anaphora
competing antecedent
neutral meaning
statistical processing
small categories
brachman et
particular verbal
balanced distribution
type combination
related entities
geographic regions
phrasal umts
text editing
resulting scfs
final year
les programmes
adult slang
work concentrates
tokenized corpus
evaluation runs
small trees
30 documents
ocr system
primary coding
model constructed
right inferences
edges representing
left string
good empirical
basic nlp
links established
phonological realization
bar 0
ibm 360
system uses
la moyenne
possible cnf
word cue
retrieval task
final performance
based versions
a1 a2a5a4
participants could
works include
dialect data
domain compaction
formtomeaning mapping
analyses yielded
learning paradigms
fifth message
kpca baseline
theoretic scoring
important attributes
technical devices
first component
generate features
underlying methodology
real person
general algorithms
facts used
unknown morpheme
query statements
compatible labels
tense structure
fragmentary utterances
spaces represent
first sentences
hypotheses may
successful way
state hypothesis
several cycles
questions first
report accuracies
el us
e rather
dialogue related
standard classes
computer testing
spoken material
incorporates knowledge
subject cleft
segmenter using
good generalization
ziff documents
complex cgus
extract possible
chomsky adjunction
semantic operation
synset hierarchy
common analysis
three topic
gram features
voiced obstruent
include extra
decent guy
michel simard
general node
designing robust
av extraction
steps based
placing boundaries
human machine
ownership percentages
strong classifier
induced grammar
sentence mark
problem comes
another representation
additional testing
hoc procedures
give directions
logical equivalences
order using
annotations based
n may
prediction power
three parse
ppa resolution
score described
break index
type formula
determine text
dialogue topics
bronnenberg et
rst de
observed regularities
a5 a6
prior expectations
best recognition
trigram word
simple retrieval
counts c
dependency patterns
thai corpus
arrival cities
contain representations
biases towards
coverage resources
situation theory
semantic formulae
content filter
selects one
source shortest
seem promising
scores provided
5 person
another mechanism
grammar formalisms
main algorithm
ttern p
5 briefly
architecture also
level well
many factors
nodes spanning
12 delta
50 words
repaired segment
mapping domain
initial focus
evidence method
supervised approaches
work toward
bilingual wordlist
ilp method
incremental output
use recursive
violation occurs
qui donne
np modifiers
phrase lexicon
new proof
flight attendants
scalar implicature
travel budget
using lemmas
underdispersed types
crysmann et
promising way
consider text
using training
draws heavily
ranking accuracy
using ward
morphological analogies
sentence pre
6 proc
suffixes like
multiple grammars
words removed
serbian language
less noise
units together
condition 6
fast convergence
discourse marking
phrasing may
input unrestricted
remaining entities
express concepts
conditioning information
communicated knowledge
relations included
e du
string adjunct
sequential transducers
related co
invalid plans
processing abilities
valid representations
polarity extraction
definite relations
experimental section
whose element
sentence connectives
score prediction
constraint inheritance
metonymic pattern
upon receipt
stack automata
entities x
syntactic details
term association
tdt initiative
syntactic likelihood
analysis chain
three clauses
selection page
right right
straightforward adaptation
university domain
rule validation
generally express
likely filler
connective want
node labeling
f occurs
standard lr
model toward
valued framework
overlapping sets
focus point
rouge measures
optional inter
existing context
training stories
proposition q
german particle
detection process
extraction summary
acceptable english
judged correct
corporate officers
contain negative
shift rules
struck rapidly
renyoh chuushi
much impact
usually means
handle specific
entropy training
trees decorated
particular tags
manufacturing plant
standard account
example 10
yields substantial
string specialists
greatly reduces
morphemes may
crucial role
fashion similar
callmeier et
claws tagset
many cases
former senator
another matter
language 2
learning device
gaussian kernel
2 examples
includes support
plans call
made experiments
articles without
topicalized constituents
worth mentioning
recognition confidence
distributional pattern
several future
model tagger
data perplexity
map provides
based frequencies
final estimate
n target
faster hardware
verbal sequences
lexical resources
classifier works
category representing
adjunct slots
five candidate
test domains
first prototype
svm ranking
term semantic
length vector
given scene
speech p
agglomerative hierarchical
path expansion
meaningful words
functional chunk
exocentric compounds
general exponential
internet explorer
traditional form
unless something
group 2
id 1
also morpho
published literature
manageable proportions
similarity technique
transcription time
relevant patterns
writing technique
model computed
different wizards
categorization module
smaller sample
additional homonymy
class performance
project web
romance language
string equations
effective ways
h correspond
performance must
several figures
measure compares
component analyses
video recording
several extensions
rst word
certain functions
cbmt systems
system simulates
event pair
deterministic model
five participants
database environment
categorial framework
identification code
underlying constraint
exert oneself
unseen sentence
2 adjectives
treebank files
fall within
200 items
discrimination nets
see note
model combining
results computed
cluster data
boeing company
labelled accuracy
poor performance
procedure 2
stepwise refinement
checking systems
query training
airbus a320
tile interface
additional advantages
approximate inference
transformation list
bracket representation
acoustic evidence
type scores
properties according
see kamp
w according
task creation
march 2002
smoothing approach
aspect markers
parsed corpus
indicated node
pour notre
level problem
items referred
homogeneous data
base contains
chunk tagger
personal computer
plausible reading
brand names
outils linguistiques
nerbonne inheritance
local density
produce incorrect
p1 believes
lan guage
search pruning
new coreference
cost 0
additional help
hierarchical trees
phrase sl
word clusters
common baseline
database built
traditional cfg
5 training
term may
language knowledge
main languages
make assumptions
entailment task
standard transcription
candidate context
choose n
question matches
useful feedback
formedness condition
model enables
typical instance
every id
individuals involved
like method
learning multiple
hand according
event identification
one regarding
make reliable
face two
string processing
deep word
msra training
unl relations
donia scott
words built
position inside
human author
axis shows
variable name
wordnet would
grammatical positions
verbs would
japanese np
show three
accurate probabilities
summarization literature
subcategorisation restrictions
subtopic shifts
pour le
value language
clause fragments
unbounded interval
epistemic modality
test loop
component serves
feature sampling
fine grain
example paths
daughter h
recursive constructions
structure constraints
space restrictions
build time
exhaustive search
model terms
support code
derivations would
sentence meanings
available information
important steps
high generality
operator represents
induced senses
filler module
step generates
unrealistic assumptions
role distinctions
current source
quality contexts
treebank uses
date 3
implicit confirmations
medical subject
rules encode
important syntactic
search form
allows simultaneous
young people
sbr 9720368
potential output
sommets de
two probabilities
parametric models
predicate feature
smolka 89
substring tables
allow x
based summarizers
incorporate prior
office environment
four loss
derivation string
name given
synonymy links
a5 a23
stop reading
database back
explicit marking
null tokens
phd fellowship
assess whether
abstract speech
communicator task
per collocation
london suppliers
available alternatives
learned parser
unbounded deletion
utility scores
fold increase
names generally
bias training
text coherent
knowledge included
text show
physical level
provide data
inferential processes
weather value
help disambiguation
unbracketed corpus
complex field
bilingual named
msra open
obvious consequences
words back
gap filling
certain direction
prosodic contour
discourse contains
inside brackets
character class
preterminal category
appropriate structures
schank 1975
pair corresponds
nouns contain
qa community
patterns per
baseline parser
nouns occur
aligned translations
awm settings
duration modifier
compression process
proper tags
conditional constraints
concept description
dialog act
1 see
dependent sisters
example appears
utterance according
complex notion
varied input
alternative feature
also note
yi hou
pass decoding
mentioned word
morphological analyses
models pr
single bilingual
including code
1 phrase
major benefits
lu et
morphological cues
right sense
target pair
shorter sentences
pred values
tags used
root class
class intersections
recent ideas
resulting viterbi
stone wall
discuss another
previous rule
yomiuri newspaper
sentences denoting
behind speaker
smaller window
processes required
dahlgren 1988a
descriptions must
strategy 3
parameters allow
interaction pattern
entry l
criteria based
comparative stylistics
kripke models
alice installed
rules attempt
poor estimate
main function
cowie et
video retrieval
additional simple
integrated dialogue
process predicate
experimental environment
initial problem
gram transliteration
resulting number
possible pairs
backtracking mechanism
users perform
english verbmobil
shallow nlp
row two
tile contrary
preamble state
word apple
net models
focussed constituent
gaussian score
fragment combining
amb class
personal communications
central tasks
symbol probability
test problems
using cmu
test several
unit types
theories may
complex aspect
file specifies
following message
trigram model
system creates
precedes object
human indexers
input sequences
network path
english resource
different status
10 groups
inquiry framework
access system
orthography alone
highest confidence
modular grammar
languages makes
novel kind
propbank semantic
feature spreading
substantially increases
3 uses
relationships without
zero form
representation containing
also increases
measure drops
box method
hardware configuration
simply omit
target identification
else n
initiative system
grammar parser
reported work
search trees
bounded size
extract noun
topic node
iteration steps
figure 8
multiple components
logic based
specific keywords
new genre
otherwise assign
hownet definition
tdt pilot
unsegmented corpus
lee 1993
8 terms
specific restrictions
weighted terms
fellbaum 1998
first produces
node containing
nonempty subset
user dictionaries
every markable
source bag
constituent belonging
terry winograd
null af
based transliteration
alternatives within
xuanyin xia
fresh text
common experience
error back
using sequence
order cooccurrences
boundary within
hierarchy represent
seven features
oriented data
le chat
much nlp
machine translation
null productions
propbank labels
weights w
morphological transformation
5 l
lower branch
plausible relations
shriberg 1994
four mistakes
internal state
discourse routines
implementation using
technique used
including morphology
cooperative principles
english abbreviations
ideas together
5fold cross
tag corpora
complex logical
english vpcs
marker like
following experiment
komatani et
sort discourse
lpc analysis
let wl
fundamental actions
inflectional types
takes part
string b
adjoining grammars
disease names
sharing among
destination states
seconds cpu
good working
specific news
cannot output
length measures
1 relations
gove 1984
text realization
level features
one adjunction
following corpora
definition process
run experiments
specific classifiers
arc assigned
modifications would
ignores many
speech characteristics
recursion depth
local processing
level also
higher cognitive
a28a62a80 a3
title sentences
cannot efficiently
n alignments
design methodology
number 9
accuracy based
entire training
functions shown
cyclic rules
approaches presented
featural representation
event ordering
using lattices
disambiguation one
formed substring
hedge trimmer
normal feature
substitution tests
relevant aspects
representation cannot
form al
include x
languages might
aggregation method
arbitrary choice
feature quality
empty character
average result
data efficiently
entries include
martinez et
invited speaker
textual definitions
three discrete
clause complex
make intelligent
4 instances
optimal coding
integral dictionary
unique node
travel data
1the research
new abstract
one generic
entity within
windows 95
les traits
feature formalism
category exists
rules according
blocking factor
bound anaphors
node cannot
method respectively
speaker read
constraint unification
binding restriction
ditransitive construction
use discourse
und technologic
two scenarios
rst example
urgent needs
empty operators
bahasa malaysia
uni cation
english imperative
baseline evaluation
language exercise
maximum n
nn method
james pustejovsky
define semantic
p 5
following memory
ngram language
single terminal
general case
space associated
scenario representations
usually implies
np without
resolution code
0 weight
third sub
argument extraction
called category
typed frames
avoid conflicts
attention constraint
either match
show various
use variable
perceptual experiments
template pairs
primary purpose
basic motivation
ten tokens
intended effect
profile vectors
bayesian framework
retrieval problem
cause confusion
dialogue examples
information belongs
rst model
specific communicative
xia 1994
front side
sense disambiguated
parsing output
grained information
description system
stack pruning
annotator b
estimated mean
respective domains
original transcripts
onr database
forms representing
current component
automated training
coloured unification
latter phrase
result depends
inferences may
errors divided
mccalla summarizing
single algorithm
sense mapping
arabic speaking
close connection
portuguese word
e query
attachment information
though examples
text depends
significant evidence
bagga et
lexicographic purposes
label arcs
transformational generative
al l
readings according
systematic ways
turn completes
graphical context
virtual humans
arguments without
vectors r
likes every
groupes nominaux
adhoc results
con k
multiple analysis
sentential arguments
particular implementations
qlf language
sentence 1
dictionary database
equivalent alternative
proposed constituents
annotate documents
infrequent cases
wolska et
proposed strategy
begin book
useful associations
enhancements made
total anaphors
work based
scope existential
two stories
definitions also
huge corpora
map task
multiword lexical
kaplan 1998
likely correction
tilburg university
attributes include
test cases
interaction requires
words effectively
cv syllables
unknown strings
mentioned event
becomes visible
shared propagation
form text
standard case
morphological inflections
find paraphrases
compute mutual
contingent upon
threshold setting
bar theory
predecessor block
n choices
particular action
data split
dialogue factors
structural difference
social effects
pragmatic situation
involving object
sense predictions
pattern search
microelectronics fabrication
elements would
occurs infrequently
proposed belief
formal paraphrase
component called
8 messages
passing scheme
elegant way
continuous probability
seen examples
type specifications
run used
100 hours
li mu
matched training
source test
volume 22
text consisted
barents sea
official submission
commercial products
many terms
structure along
general argument
points along
ideal meaning
set 3
second subject
complex fields
bound search
system dynamically
phrasal category
following pages
k number
textual format
position j
recommendations expressed
remaining context
parser gives
text transcripts
edited regions
overlap metric
nonliteral language
error correcting
canadian government
arnold et
scfg g
current concern
2 output
anbnc n
parsing capabilities
model based
entsprechenden anmerkungen
complex equivalences
context task
qa typology
english pp
using alethgen
since tile
market reports
random orderings
applying constraints
target segments
agreement data
interesting patterns
negative logarithm
based slm
topics may
500 mb
international corpus
une information
position grammar
translating nn
recognize noun
results based
contexts would
distance constraint
n dimensional
significant meaning
multiple arcs
planning tree
selected key
webber 1988
mentioned example
discontinuous phrases
unique states
clauses would
depuis trois
assigned structures
korean government
model implements
60 sentences
transitive subject
independent views
principle compatible
requires skill
without diacritics
first paragraphs
cannot observe
frequent changes
strings need
use richer
movement grammars
principles b
russian syntax
pattern development
one parent
interaction context
continuous contact
current estimates
plan step
category analysis
argument head
gaussian mixture
variant set
texts due
transformations described
derives two
condition also
morphemic components
crfs use
water bay
models achieved
structures differ
without articles
1989 michael
following church
9 subjects
similar recall
bit strings
high cohesion
structure adopted
two meta
input including
following procedures
current prototype
relation given
senses assigned
feature representing
achieves 82
chunk based
constituency parsers
compatible xrs
ice melted
example shown
weighted decomposition
three constraints
jail conditions
unary projections
type e
potential repair
process type
cluster strlnpsim
level structural
handle anaphoric
tile transfer
robust speech
focused attention
dependent grammars
focusing framework
previous non
1 side
7 cases
well lead
parent documents
formal problem
feature pool
stochastic program
head office
two articles
list provides
resources containing
nwi component
different structures
use sophisticated
ladder system
document size
abstract interface
assignment model
affinity codelet
single languages
errors automatically
model term
organization confidence
syntactic decision
text excerpts
constituent boundaries
ham sandwich
surface signals
leaving everything
indirect requests
crucial assumption
purpose techniques
regions within
languages supported
service provider
nl text
discourse segmenter
a26 a27
essential use
36 words
generates candidate
collection contains
complex tests
split errors
derivational families
a50 a42
frequent ones
style b
algorithm compares
lines 10
crosslingual information
validation tests
prefer shorter
without grammar
dialog component
computer networks
predicting edge
establish relationships
independent rewriting
resolving references
colgate university
accuracy measured
unmatched training
string ident
high tf
writing styles
relation matrix
identify phrases
independent groups
also arise
full definitions
formalized languages
thematic areas
automatic corrections
increasing number
simpler structure
meaningful sequences
verb work
experimental focus
information acquisition
possible plural
line optimization
pronouns etc
set yielded
recognition could
inches long
article quant
wsdc model
collection level
windows 98
godfrey et
outside estimation
topic browser
interchangeable subset
systems prefer
copula verb
latter might
larger value
manual steps
different actions
relation elaboration
every connection
five categories
including names
conscious garden
work better
scale science
modern beijing
summary response
single interpretation
sizes policy
miller 1991
mappings used
specific lexico
x since
cents per
single product
pp du
spl terms
h h
particular formalism
acoustic observations
rst question
corpus explorer
reduce decisions
concept whose
else wc
phrases beginning
previous stages
identifying synonyms
sentence deterministically
modeling algorithms
frame structure
popped item
written letters
example contains
actor model
refined request
preposition like
heavily dependent
training interface
learner cannot
yan jiu
classifying names
permuted sequence
city center
directory containing
english strings
chosen object
fragment based
category yi
korean honorification
preliminary probabilistic
required number
classifiers using
10 presents
resolved pronouns
5 describe
hughes et
scoring translation
five answers
document within
participant class
automata models
data representations
building parsers
compound construction
different sentential
surface realizer
although bleu
two time
null corpus
message 48
distinct sense
verb stems
patterns produced
matter whether
journal reference
hair cell
remains computationally
10 verbs
scene representations
works fairly
model better
form since
advp chunks
determiner selection
using approximate
gram co
bigger training
whose spans
lingual word
863 project
dcr inc
precision decreased
two speech
likelihood measure
measure cannot
annotated parallel
grade 2
language expresses
structural components
maximum achievable
first edge
realization class
des autres
categories h
cleaning teapots
overall effect
quantified expressions
process protocols
let pa
total picture
single function
underlying dependency
contain sufficient
results better
three right
assigning stress
relation corresponding
contextual semantic
high performance
null state
correcting information
virtual concepts
resulting knowledge
usually words
force methods
guessing process
cluster may
standard phonetic
person likes
user assistance
level activation
automatic summarising
fewer times
practical machine
conceptual taxonomy
discriminative machine
comprehension tests
retrieve sets
write code
strategy needs
computational time
amd opteron
nous savons
coherence scoring
management succession
insufficient amount
converge faster
interesting concepts
net glosses
strings like
g l
multilingual dependency
filtering methods
applied research
singleton cluster
largest margin
starting word
constant factor
oglund et
computational speech
average results
factors also
inner loops
existing information
based co
motivated models
distributions used
video images
500 mhz
attribute grammar
genitive construction
execution phase
parent structure
acoustic regions
linguistic dimensions
parse sequence
english pos
separate feature
complex meanings
marginal improvements
trouble type
factor f
object rule
annotation errors
improve coreference
fs unification
referential dependence
conflict arises
template type
open categories
one np
component includes
c 12
text interpreter
usual notation
description understanding
leftmost constituent
targeted search
text alone
linguistic reasons
processing using
organized set
auxiliary variables
belief revision
medline citation
general properties
identification stage
brackets recall
owl lite
contains detailed
accuracy word
cognitive considerations
simple representations
following expressions
working bottom
electronic file
stochastic rules
work aims
des points
clause structure
near match
describe grammar
static knowledge
cation problem
evidence suggesting
verb mood
list h
source clause
original probabilistic
0 seconds
oh et
free rewriting
6 pages
rigorous evaluation
particular dog
fa ming
model de
reliable means
accusative pp
trainable sentence
handle constraints
competence errors
works well
formal power
word ending
cryptic input
memory tokens
tra c
working example
province name
performs somewhat
n n
across words
similarity type
interesting aspects
factors involved
theta need
metaphor maps
target lexicon
two vertices
valuable features
sentences divided
selectional restriction
summarization redundancy
several sources
justification chains
rhetorical analysis
primitive elements
linguistic communication
given token
simply report
important clauses
identical semantic
lexicon contains
joel martin
formal features
nonmonotone search
case given
event would
classification time
pipelined systems
working model
similarity sire
deictic term
last option
whole procedure
provide help
aggregate evidence
verb subject
direct systems
similarity since
manual segmentation
get mapped
assign weight
3 clusters
segue nodes
xml language
orthographic clues
discuss things
one predictor
answers extracted
baseline system
a0a2a1a4a3 a5
cluster nouns
de parole
keyword checking
learning result
table initially
traditional corpus
native users
entity specified
whose correct
model aims
unique case
good explanation
ii ii
systems produce
tense vowels
inverted rule
primary vehicle
negotiation subdialogue
based pattern
speaker tends
judge 1
generation purposes
k iff
transducer system
evaluate accuracy
two subcases
clues related
general descriptions
pronunciation models
specific choice
1 day
methodology consists
conceptual ones
identical labels
state reports
detailed morphological
traditional approach
unresolved problems
four paths
variant syntax
errors concerning
structural analysis
problem called
simulated world
acquiring rules
therefore tile
hal space
resolving anaphoric
exist simultaneously
first claims
important preliminary
x data
given compound
ist person
scheduling agent
runs iteratively
symmetric difference
relations rather
content unit
cohesion among
human computer
extra arguments
aid us
initial activation
based learners
shows experimental
use w
manifestation sense
accepts exactly
base file
larger set
conceptual analyser
human intervention
key innovation
a0a5a1 a6
dt language
trivial dialogue
tile latter
attitudes towards
lexical metrics
thin lines
specified plan
source derivation
induced transfer
feedback provided
eye contact
sentence connections
un programme
lm contains
problems presented
modal functions
pruning heuristics
determine relative
dependent components
adjective precedes
recent resurgence
semantic errors
clausal modifiers
cannot add
e denote
represent generic
man whose
links must
infrequent terms
dave et
symbols l
covariation encoding
bp identification
csr task
using minipar
human translations
input transducer
tiny corpus
morrill 1989
test terms
various computational
nouns randomly
overlapping markup
representational formalism
logical connections
resulting template
part process
input cases
414 microphone
basic principle
applying standard
abstraction operation
flexibility increment
application yields
dependency treebanks
linguistic point
approximate comparison
help disambiguate
predicate logic
chosen pair
surface distortion
automatic morphological
om l
strategies automatically
system scans
1994 q3
larger fragment
final classification
way word
organizing markov
segmentation principles
crossing rates
syntactic reflexes
clustering score
causes many
final letters
parameter combinations
abstraction ratio
statistical chunker
intellectual property
candidate compound
individual kernels
used iu
structure forms
clustering algorithms
second network
semantics making
contiguous bi
distortion operators
last value
unihan database
command domain
connective expressions
patient records
clausal material
default structures
line program
highlight differences
relative scarcity
frequent categories
bitext alignment
consistent phrase
special difficulties
case semantics
simply identifies
poses new
better advantage
hierarchical recency
annotation environment
phoneme alignment
provide simple
typical arguments
context questions
constrained case
form combinations
thematic coherence
full tags
two authors
worlds semantics
target stem
title pairs
tactile maps
domain becomes
architecture presented
main difference
one mapping
people name
specific posterior
reflexive transitive
homophone disambiguation
respective phrase
basic conditions
structured text
determine semantic
ngram models
controll system
interface offers
wsj lm
analyzing discourse
document length
larger system
1 term
bindings list
relation defined
information coming
different theories
sentence classification
phon feature
en charge
see charniak
comparing word
right child
character generation
three standard
using equation
select utterances
tells us
effective filters
isa rules
proposed parse
search state
sentences automatically
annotation practices
irrelevant constituents
news world
term generalization
robust interface
current measures
corpus methods
starting event
expand rule
class without
96 sentences
care application
rate changes
recorded dialogues
pronunciation may
best hand
show greater
cheating experiment
county line
mistakes made
second expression
called transformation
accompanying documentation
eric brill
experiments tested
status would
wrong category
english evaluation
likes watching
movement analysis
host strings
final remarks
grammar wrtttng
description levels
referents evoked
varying sizes
conversational styles
empty element
heteropoisal complete
individual parts
following trace
coherence operators
analyzer returns
scientific disciplines
clustering radius
conditional distributions
confidence ratings
word identified
1988 rebecca
given mood
brants et
approaches adopt
lexical language
target linguistic
process according
cfg tree
taking context
six p
relationships holding
anaphoric pronouns
susan smith
kubala et
employment relation
interface structures
familiarity greater
language correspond
pin 38
words closest
case flame
situation within
languages must
13 sentences
cette classification
acceptable framework
full mapping
architecture requires
tile domain
conll task
api call
little consensus
jean carletta
linguist wants
projection functions
lexical relationship
special markers
constraints help
pattern involving
form found
2 exemplifies
coding results
dependent analysis
lexalp information
submitted systems
propositional variable
se tree
rows show
strong connections
reasonable percentage
current center
language front
press articles
linguistic text
antonymy function
input fuser
syntactic ordering
surface form
nl data
traum 1994
syntactic differences
demonstrative determiner
conditions appear
ps constraint
constraints first
many modules
cult task
ed using
edges using
temporal ones
proximal area
research methods
syntactic segments
tags seen
amaru revolutionary
cognitive behavior
feature analysis
google desktop
used ten
tile candidate
distinction allows
phrases relevant
weighted word
towards making
authoring environment
affected performance
discourse actor
complex disjunction
cast3lb function
strict limit
knowledge rather
sign axiom
actually occurs
mechanism would
letter recognizer
external devices
rule reader
computational linguist
possible message
communication would
certain location
general architecture
sternberg 1982
index provides
whose beginning
root dissection
unsupervised way
elementary segments
form queries
distributional information
problem definition
normalized distance
ltag trees
unordered right
entropy per
television program
tobi labels
action sentence
commonsense concepts
idf vectors
based phoneme
compositional function
gram context
may reason
general computational
subsumes several
learn phrase
explicitly address
web query
increasing knowledge
typical q
e des
liddy et
computes statistics
bottom 20
distinct forms
social security
rule specification
dialogue indicates
verb rather
words tends
appropriate sentence
commercial text
performs less
lexical fixedness
three frequency
adding wordnet
lexieal constraints
storage format
abstracts produced
copying problem
potential links
sentence limit
mary come
corpus manually
primitive class
production c
problematic aspect
financial news
occurs often
information selection
optimized bigram
canonical terms
drawing paper
entry per
actual text
user cannot
strategy works
based relationships
overthrow south
g intends
different motivations
e ii
state constraint
related information
patterns required
example translation
deep lexical
engine hit
processing application
consensus architecture
warwick et
word fertility
sequence without
parse decisions
examples represented
using z
event expressed
helps explain
conjunctive phrases
operation since
primary intention
schema 2
accuracy similar
coherent discourses
5 concludes
matrix r
hmm observation
cilin thesaurus
powerful rule
searching procedure
program produces
first stack
intersentential reference
manual sample
type person
best systems
equipment corporation
increase substantially
bound results
multisentence texts
sc coercively
health care
based context
machine accepts
small subsets
veterinary manual
100 states
press time
restricted bp
ends successfully
aspectual types
required knowledge
standard architecture
words represent
original sources
distance dependency
recognized strings
comparisons based
trec community
specificity measure
voice communicator
surface trees
e ectiveness
lexical acquisition
production use
representation form
constraint c
algorithm processes
latter term
conceptual entity
identical fashion
quantitative improvement
des codes
names often
efficient courseware
three transitions
variable indicating
phonotactic automata
emit probabilities
output distributions
restricted formalism
unary transformations
constitute useful
first learn
domain structures
last set
specific parameters
called rouge
constituent tree
graphical information
lattice representation
dependent ontology
verb adjacency
node form
p parameters
voting problem
nominative noun
converging towards
modifier followed
conceptual categories
acquisition scenario
information booth
good news
binary form
gap dependencies
cannot immediately
important implication
sprec results
abstract processes
acquire relevant
island parsing
main components
wrong number
atomic unit
corpus accurately
modules function
corresponding threshold
specified types
current session
estimation problems
period denotes
lexical signature
earlier trecs
translate word
topic descriptions
fusion sentence
bonnie lynn
form generated
20 standard
took place
noun meaning
use attributes
recent researches
scores reflect
subsequent experiment
20 shows
total documents
l l
hence may
system capable
early experiment
jigsaw puzzle
extract css
exhaustively enumerate
domain actions
j 2
branching factor
include links
evaluation show
current edge
learning results
unique properties
nl queries
also relations
practical solution
symbol rl
search uses
rapid change
generator processes
algorithm cannot
agenda mechanism
remaining information
case principle
represent verbal
detto che
report domain
structures provided
reports 92
bit set
random examples
conservative guides
text sources
tags contain
enable computers
level goals
ideal world
ordinary people
disambiguation performance
unification may
tags occur
governing node
speech modeling
ambiguity lies
atis system
knowledge network
e iff
conventionality principle
syllable node
des r6sultats
level confidence
minimal disruption
alignment program
every language
called template
test based
figure state
haji c
work funded
system component
corpora larger
encoding method
subtree principle
leftmost position
appropriate auxiliary
many word
phrases instead
model model
descriptive formalism
spatial proximity
common infrastructure
remaining alternatives
summarization ratio
attachment rate
therefore reflect
previous run
meaning content
frequency noun
representation trees
level phenomena
make v
une heure
one slot
templates representing
form pl
significant doubt
dashed edge
identification approach
preference criterion
via equation
node categories
additional actions
appropriate interpretations
implicit object
chinese newswire
2 introduces
flexible representation
second query
model theoretic
performance estimates
sequential parser
interaction information
lexical relation
standard relational
large decrease
comfortable chair
october 2005
negative sample
diagnostic capabilities
knuth et
logical notation
documents indicated
missing terms
reordering rules
model similar
integrating multiple
binding algorithm
overall similarity
efficient method
frequency curve
5 v
new documents
performs semantic
terrorist event
available readings
binary trees
unique descriptions
lopar parser
impressive result
flexible mechanism
oval office
documents per
class a27
100 occurrences
cubed scorer
useful guidance
generator cannot
0 stands
le pr6sident
root using
specific test
three subclasses
modular design
research topics
pruning beamwidth
snippet retrieval
weight optimization
results similar
recovery process
pyramidal semantic
decoding algorithm
constraint allows
since errors
end users
scores higher
rational interaction
good approximations
0 la
nouns cannot
default theories
chat sessions
chunk model
sentences exist
basic clusters
lo se
information held
ap newswire
reported error
psychological experimentation
efficient learning
000 synsets
label group
une liaison
second error
observed distribution
recognition output
larger role
semantic decisions
sentence importance
item might
concessive schema
popular machine
sentential clause
problematic fields
underlying abstract
generated translation
required template
methods including
phonemic sequences
conventional word
particular analysis
och et
another reading
practice session
phrasal template
three forms
clue interpretation
statistical measurements
common interest
unweighted case
english set
interpreting verb
noun tag
paper documents
third measure
effective size
les trois
segment topic
within context
ne types
concepts represented
names recognition
corresponding verbs
better insight
normalization term
two randomly
complexity issue
corresponding tense
briefly look
ido dagan
phrases formed
words retain
clear sign
gulf air
nominal antecedents
message traffic
common pre
existing representations
whose grammar
statistics required
intermediate goals
resolution makes
solution synthesis
lpc coefficients
unknown words
term suggestion
cl classes
adjectives found
24 speakers
spelling error
time rather
specific paradigms
lexicon counts
first match
learning stops
entry node
level paraphrasing
every literal
natural stopping
testing document
small clusters
computation speed
relative vo
important constraints
data augmentation
managing knowledge
groups containing
template generators
dictionary articles
fill p
target rule
lisp list
informative prior
manual references
theoretical linguists
primary judge
deleted nodes
least twenty
4 b
phenomena found
unseen verb
temporal categories
proximity operators
compute alignment
declarative memory
noun among
term working
first experiment
unexpected utterance
world use
image features
collocations would
greater accuracy
system prototype
oliver plaehn
natural phenomena
simpli es
composition subsystem
structured data
appropriate answer
al v
140 words
disks 2
syn relation
nominal use
noun restriction
complete tag
knowledge inherent
models using
question might
analyst b
algorithms included
menu appears
verb separately
much dependent
answer scoring
sentential derivation
corpus leads
german compound
word together
terminal child
position taken
threshold parameters
grammars formalism
recognition capabilities
excessive amounts
thematic units
study group
preposition ep
repair types
extracted material
mixtures per
negative clauses
forms one
another phrase
newspaper text
study showed
similar work
basic inference
boolean connectives
three utterance
response text
words versus
tree technology
topological information
parameter settings
expert level
pk measure
72 speakers
postprocessing rules
scientific writing
grishman 1994
la racine
since h
individual modules
semantic focus
dependent plu
move along
maximize algorithm
time adjacency
resources employed
noun modifier
learner bias
corpus could
procedure provides
preference given
right adjunct
capacity limitations
relational semantics
windows xp
information identifying
te form
valency procedure
speaker thinks
cf rules
identifying constituent
n go
frequent chunk
smooth transitions
approach gives
supertag predictions
daelemans 1987
new structure
female students
suitable context
part structure
language errors
complete vocabulary
future mt
indirect meronymy
bit words
utterance verification
parse questions
classes may
graph consisting
translations according
fertilised egg
systems usually
crosslingual qdie
thus create
detailed data
le garcon
line interaction
1 entries
subjective process
experiment showed
uses many
final outcome
000 iterations
message could
separate parts
elastic constraints
separate windows
two judges
confusion networks
ranked alphabet
head category
two dialects
order alone
mesh descriptors
many event
problem addressed
uses words
collaborative dialogues
types among
genre domain
par consequent
imperfect source
linguistic data
module uses
plus ou
value gives
tree description
expected feature
type l
different method
run time
1980 c
centering rule
annotation graphs
increases accuracy
evaluation consisted
including proper
metaphor processing
information interchange
symbol vp
like table
controlled language
greatest interest
widespread availability
p verb
component provides
every relation
collocation network
language quantifiers
build domain
automatically handles
kernel sentence
suppose first
clause constructions
resumptive pronouns
one tone
verbose condition
previous sub
question corpus
examples also
henceforth refer
markedness values
word count
karaka roles
late 1950s
useful resource
positive curvature
drosophila gene
people working
ii f
error occurrence
data plus
like multiple
abstract domain
evaluation figures
products model
proper analysis
trees axe
cognitive science
slots represent
utterance becomes
classifying proper
one stating
friendly way
different learning
treebank sentences
poses challenges
functor role
increased interest
remedia corpus
space limitations
senses associated
grammatical symbols
model trained
independent input
correspondence table
word pairs
replacement operators
states 4
certain concept
sentence content
constraint appears
score z
fs c
average description
english consonants
automatic data
input phone
decoder performance
similar precision
argument within
constituent order
tagger outputs
domain theories
location time
highest output
87 test
defining features
research software
short noun
coverage semantic
base score
dialogue coding
soft biases
actual data
morpheme segmentation
nonlocal features
detransformation process
du pain
summary paper
acquire enough
logical content
general pragmatic
journalistic text
document a3
noussia hyphenator
language beyond
repeated letters
text boundaries
derivational forms
domain tasks
people always
type complement
nested clauses
lexicon file
bf scheme
baseline approaches
necessary property
structured queries
english brown
du gouvernement
acceptable parses
designated terminal
stable coalition
preference semantics
resolution approach
result item
une approche
binary productions
subgraphs corresponding
semantic well
lexical models
length 40
specifies two
local threshold
layout manager
range defined
annotation transformer
abstract automata
successor count
reduction based
instructional manuals
possible expressions
xg clauses
physical object
help messages
discourse seems
hot line
contextual functions
occur due
generation step
exemples de
attention manager
capture contextual
certain expectations
right processing
text style
two premises
whose senses
telic roles
training domain
partial pattern
object plays
enough money
use lpr
client program
tagging information
user changes
alignment complexity
itemized lists
psycholinguistic research
predicate noun
mteval bitext
project started
annotation problem
outlines future
active tree
specific clause
hierarchical clusters
predicted alignments
host processor
annotated grammar
margin criterion
like derivation
whose attachment
methodological level
verb second
overhead caused
six characters
semrel structures
coverage may
condition requires
transfer data
11 illustrates
phase de
languages considered
communication aids
tile entity
alors de
reasonable assumption
12 mel
dop1 model
point towards
conjunction c
suffix probabilities
processing activities
subject role
object valency
8 question
mail corpus
overall plan
stochastic optimal
coreference resolutions
particle information
plural determiners
joint problem
organ component
agent uses
arabic script
lexical selection
grammar approaches
relevancy information
iterative scaling
10 rules
presents two
language environment
experienced human
slight improvements
translation phenomena
scha 1984
discourse algorithms
categories also
conventional model
event stages
referential problem
words words
ie techniques
airline travel
control language
english syntax
subjects precede
expectations play
null stituent
available number
correct content
linguistic queries
mapping defined
identifying information
dictionary senses
long word
na n
cannot start
packed node
blood vessels
les listes
words entered
probabilistic pos
scoring algorithms
third observation
message retrieval
intervals overlap
nlp components
kodiak representation
specific limitations
ots systems
mapping principle
conceptual expansions
impressive results
disambiguating queries
given alphabet
control relationship
discourse node
final k
constructions without
picture producer
dops entries
lingual lexical
rules becomes
virtual agents
parameters describing
linking constraints
epsilon value
absolute agreement
weighting function
sentence describing
situational roles
alla la
evaluation purposes
type lattices
ces probl
ai vu
dominates 13
features offer
theoretical purposes
reduce parsers
scoring schemes
phenomena testing
21 times
two processes
dog bites
single decision
different phonological
omitted case
grant number
best judgment
unresolved issues
categories involved
must concern
start root
expressions directly
language switching
men like
false conclusions
lexeme class
validated boundaries
face meetings
categories across
van eynde
g z
performance measures
link slot
itg based
semantic compatibility
information outside
tuning data
travel plans
program used
wsj portion
2 compare
g v
4 null
frame whose
advisory group
several tree
combinaison de
foreign inclusions
low upper
parameters k
candidate string
mere co
assertion parse
becomes crucial
early speech
nodes w
list features
relation symbols
word edge
semantic problem
multiple left
4 outlines
v 5
list also
autoepistemic logic
depends exclusively
sense resolution
important sense
variables standing
difficult words
loaded die
previous applications
human revision
concepts also
high classification
split across
conversion rate
state dependency
parsed sentences
translation methods
computational processes
new technologies
prosodic effects
language conversion
email acts
substantial problem
subject index
information fro
taking information
ir standards
variable associated
special roles
3 comparison
5 occurrences
determination module
personal communication
energy level
antecedent items
pairs q
eki made
perspective also
special symbol
spoken archives
algorithm reduced
shriberg integrating
negative concord
methodological assumptions
parse features
lexicon specifies
possible implementation
database responses
microsoft corp
acquisition models
promotion units
rule construction
synonym sets
host system
free format
two cannot
low scoring
input mrs
thank adam
idf weight
central theme
a32 a3
continue throughout
idiosyncratic behavior
thls paper
c domain
transformation would
rhetorical force
appropriate expansion
market crash
certain arguments
another side
performing rule
resolved discourse
suboptimal solutions
ap network
relevant inflectional
slot structures
thematic relations
semantic coverage
also implements
major branch
concepts involved
multiple fields
np refers
york university
common user
e f
entries represent
concepts across
time alignment
spanning parse
technique compares
linguistic validity
searching strategy
heuristic procedure
align text
nonverbal behavior
random split
penn tree
littman et
phrase network
task reported
including term
speech project
rate constancy
identify paragraphs
literal english
semantic inputs
rank sentences
abstract ones
constraint store
classical algorithms
possibly null
pronominal antecedent
occurring constructions
latter model
informative templates
short duration
exceptional words
four lines
planning algorithm
4 describes
e definition
data organization
four translation
gram information
new response
project reporter
readers may
nlp analysis
level could
scientific discourse
based tutoring
parallel mode
phrasal intonation
correctly compute
c1 frigates
information gives
knowledge comes
morphological strategies
novel instance
three letter
metathesaurus concepts
university computer
proof methods
function gives
generic np
relation applies
equivalent ones
study year
given speaker
usual meaning
sample problem
wordnet sub
nouns belong
discourse states
two neighbors
system gave
fairly crude
corpus perplexity
forwarding links
marcus el
4000 words
select target
one anchor
frameset tags
average language
move forward
default method
allowable transformations
left sides
stage pipelined
clause whose
rubin 1977
speech attribute
marked constituents
troubleshooting tree
much inference
another characteristic
corresponding input
object without
define formally
class k
multimedia document
manner relation
leaf class
sentences arc
hpsg derivation
system pairs
generation within
underlying process
memory must
que est
produces reliable
independent tool
using breadth
algorithm usually
systems get
symbols v
la que
made randomly
since focus
ldc chinese
others working
extralinguistic means
module creates
capabilities within
dominant proposition
strength evaluations
become confused
either bound
entity definitions
tendency towards
de toute
j fl
core predicts
individual event
compact summary
adjectives may
conjunct identifier
verb category
newspaper data
multiple pre
default learning
dence value
canonical word
response data
assess user
concept attributes
translation equivalence
human engineering
conjugation classes
informal english
shares much
root symbol
web scores
structure processing
handling speech
application consists
skew divergence
bold line
tag cannot
differ dramatically
analysis grammar
apply data
combination strategies
trees constructed
chinese academy
whose agreement
partial context
complete parsing
human accuracy
earliest point
verbal word
additional explanation
varies slightly
way lexical
various subject
contrastive relationships
conventional question
several meaning
aligned pairs
contains rich
psychological phenomena
probabilistic evaluation
five subsets
current experiment
john wrote
regulating valve
use specific
special interest
speaker presupposition
3rd workshop
tile machine
see de
stem entries
les categories
structured association
lexicon lookup
speech types
complete hypotheses
score produced
dimensional arrays
applied e
topical roles
control relation
seo et
separate modules
based work
grammatical accuracy
compares favourably
11 g
uses unigram
atr grammarian
3 seem
un mod
syntactic rule
advanced institute
guiding parsers
base 7
using charts
alignment annotation
unseen search
using lsa
importance given
learn better
question term
tree whose
science research
pure unification
use defaults
definitions could
paragraphs describe
whole sample
support large
descriptive analysis
literature features
expression 1
important generalizations
constraints due
np c
interactive work
previous research
que celui
per predicate
inflectional morphology
methods perform
np antecedents
analysis time
achieves 86
sentence 3
st e
return later
final measure
hmm framework
32 speakers
next node
operate within
lingo project
b tag
first factor
implicit acceptance
times since
girl saw
intex system
see manning
montgomery nlp
error percentage
parse produced
crown microphone
language constructs
existing links
user intent
statistics package
sizeable number
affinity matrix
comparison view
profile nodes
compatibility matrix
texts associated
induced trees
600 sentences
appropriate situation
un de
maximal extensions
keyword matching
local adjunction
within gate
maamouri et
formal equivalence
experiments discussed
current memory
test example
tiger treebank
include knowledge
rewriting operations
present tense
spatial reasoning
financial market
thus model
interesting challenge
remote microphone
automatic testing
straightforward parsing
computer professionals
perform extensive
natural spoken
allow modular
israel science
nugget pyramid
phrases containing
lambda operator
indicate tile
year 1998
causal refinement
conceptual semantics
segmented forms
developed tools
recognizing company
independent rules
class entropy
un op
hypothesis underlying
item must
constituent parsing
negative constraints
acoustic likelihood
long duration
college physics
structural aspect
test model
increased user
defeasible tfs
whose satellite
external views
entailment relationships
detection need
active vocabulary
tree shape
software project
existing literature
wff c
another version
universal quantifiers
alphabet symbol
occurring events
transformational constraints
help create
stepping stones
total description
learned feature
algorithm employed
kando et
hypothesis graph
li ya
also create
bigram tagging
seem capable
winnow algorithm
sounds odd
distance equations
patterns learned
using mixtures
standard tmr
four people
a39 a34
context co
nonterminals may
document generic
spurious senses
whole parse
every moment
level retrieval
occurring twice
protein pairs
optimal partition
500 test
narrow topic
conditional maxent
types come
speech lattice
illustrate cases
proceeds incrementally
output tape
arbre de
le programme
frequent prepositions
new technology
selection set
probabilistic value
vonk et
informat ion
turn 4
test similar
incremental feedback
industrial partners
words make
four boundary
new constant
condition could
delexical verbs
graphic objects
danish dialog
array contains
respective word
string input
element sd
use topic
terms drawn
large user
based precision
reweighting table
specific search
tree configurations
file handling
a1 a40
user answers
lexicalization procedure
linking sense
adjective could
base case
example seems
level control
another day
missing word
structure derived
linguistic semantic
resolves pronouns
original dictionary
specified representation
name cluster
synonymy chinese
becomes acceptable
original tree
method employs
corpus decreases
latter question
multiple meanings
important ways
features commonly
two candidate
names appearing
online documents
equivalent form
hence n
insertion rate
many character
verb number
unlexicalized itg
association metrics
question must
annotators disagree
cost incurred
null source
pruned character
adult male
useful insights
generate output
informal observation
like arabic
lisp object
trees might
annotate discourse
phase model
chinese query
structure b
many rare
state recognizers
linear transformations
using co
dialogue duration
obvious place
algorithm removes
structure necessary
within information
natura l
general subject
remaining string
grammar lm
approach concerns
nombank srl
temporal site
insert operations
linguistic labels
optional element
normalized idf
two automata
per edge
corpora share
given category
hanks 1990
standard dcg
context pattern
wsd would
two participants
syntactic paradigm
focused objects
next states
features describe
retrieving information
ml algorithm
r performance
solid companies
specific development
documents downloaded
vector indicates
students take
average penalty
larger problems
users feel
segmentation granularity
narrow window
several dozen
complete definitions
section 8
dialog corpora
corporate relationship
compiled version
retrieval could
abstract entity
resolution must
model cross
several interfaces
input word
table encodes
match domain
europarl corpora
anaphoric discourse
time comes
actual semantic
languages mentioned
get round
initial heuristic
sequencing rule
2002 questions
dependent notion
different choice
telicity feature
lexical alignments
available knowledge
additional method
useful means
translation lexicons
work explores
measures differ
boundary tags
confused words
analysts used
direct point
printed matter
hand crafting
detection rules
five clusters
normal dominance
certain conclusion
parse lists
text tree
map space
surveillance system
international organizations
good test
prime formula
deciding attachment
correspond roughly
principal investigator
lead field
domain keywords
antecedent type
table includes
driver program
structural metaphors
online journals
relations analyses
clause program
entities realized
initial retrieval
compilation technique
conceptual simplicity
impression model
q respectively
condensation system
experimental methods
metonymic readings
user adds
single segments
classifying texts
ature structure
discrimination value
semantic import
coherent pieces
separate mechanisms
dialog memory
leftmost branch
hypothesis test
words either
variable u
times data
eisaku pen
international students
free rules
another term
linear l
world contains
factor 6
tile typical
shorter expressions
type normal
low p
negative constraint
using pattern
response generated
contains predicates
theoretic techniques
model distribution
something beyond
sufficient context
estimation based
canonical example
separate noun
intersection algorithm
directional comparable
ill e
segment constraint
new constructions
mb ram
l v
late unification
function applicable
atis air
weight line
exclamation points
transformation rule
true names
natural feature
conversational turns
hmm training
expository texts
traditional symbolic
initial feature
face interaction
suitable information
limited experiment
domination metavariables
previous muc
system vie
thank jason
using synonyms
canonical model
des descripteurs
entity tags
representation uses
jun sheng
involving non
network would
integrated treatment
comprehensive syntactic
relevant associations
driven method
last call
efficient graph
rules generally
empirical probability
segmentation guidelines
expected patterns
select low
10 users
des lexiques
equivalent answers
speech prosody
acquisition procedure
additional restrictions
various programs
standoff annotations
drug administration
manual sense
subject domains
questions associated
resulting fi
whether content
compression tool
backward tree
structure within
pattern language
points within
galaxy communicator
steps towards
therefore focus
short cut
basic predicates
german string
automatique du
high plausibility
a30 a32
segmental durations
g 7
pot favor
1988 alexander
words related
need three
language computing
factors could
crucial word
optimal configuration
temporal coincidence
trauma bay
intervening verb
incremental construction
whole story
3 pairs
ship yesterday
core task
idiomatic analysis
useful evaluation
translation software
missing wire
test question
becomes significantly
linking generalizations
poor correlation
primal content
form name
original meaning
lexical choices
topological sort
disambiguating nouns
feasible set
000 lines
text passage
compute analyses
000 translation
containing f
argument sharing
two changes
ambiguous ones
full analysis
words approaches
correctly tag
electronic lexicon
specific ie
limited memory
semantics representation
segmental framework
patterns available
developing grammar
sequence measure
5 months
embedded complement
various phases
lamel et
generalizations across
judging request
likelihood l
john sang
measure given
stochastic generation
outside score
dialogue module
either domain
ai planning
original spelling
hlt workshop
differs markedly
a107 a201
system covers
ir applications
seems inappropriate
qui permet
association data
sentential usage
descriptions used
content part
coreference within
right places
approaches suffer
dictionary compilation
modifiers within
planning phase
relevant points
produces highly
algorithms rather
hang li
classifiers performed
joint occurrence
often differs
edges leaving
conventional morphemes
transfer activity
chart parsers
state occurs
node ab
given number
also highlights
query pattern
flat structure
learning scenario
trec question
5 weeks
document format
three processing
combination 6
paths would
number agreements
actual target
dialogue agents
framework described
references would
specific result
design process
another complication
corresponding rules
definite nps
1 estimates
mhz ultrasparc
language problem
book indexes
nearest neighbor
preprocessing module
document planning
main disadvantage
case ending
improved approach
learning language
state manager
continuous distributions
1 ti
bernsen et
orderly fashion
unusual constructions
approaches developed
constructive proof
additional gain
l algorithms
additional communicative
syllable consists
process becomes
chain c
mind word
context requires
np appears
insertion error
individuals x
lm score
university paris
mike reape
activated dlc
sense using
generate patterns
definition takes
null sentences
highest precedence
classes n
detecting document
text meaning
multiple modifiers
text collected
achieves 84
deleting data
relevant page
market change
reestimation technique
parallel marker
one atomic
tags cannot
differences among
allow tile
consistent model
16 sentences
editorial decisions
people living
art translation
produce strings
ig weights
containing hyphens
mccoy 1989
word according
syntax structures
explicit case
material selected
representations would
study 1
string takes
converges faster
grams within
separate event
norman k
probabilistic system
augustus said
relationships amongst
top predicate
common classification
pattern acquisition
input event
type indicated
verb heads
method would
list entry
way partition
multiword unit
giving system
interpolation factor
three step
several observations
example illustrates
potentially contains
type per
missing wires
constraints always
array l
gpsg grammars
video cassette
system missed
new events
chapter 6
developers may
six minutes
single command
computational ones
although tile
grained knowledge
frame statement
np put
schematic roles
10 ses
generative devices
language teaching
span index
something goes
tile matrix
nearest noun
many compounds
models show
ibm thomas
production translation
algorithmic approaches
strong evidence
john spoke
rule constrains
transportable system
mismatching set
original tag
unit final
whose design
implement many
text tagged
leve l
words introducing
confidence limits
better means
imperative constructions
dictionary server
complex spatial
word match
appropriate verb
e higher
break indices
stochastic inversion
sense proximity
scrambled np
extraposed clause
vowel e
values encountered
novel concept
stack symbols
12 systems
node conditions
sentences incorrectly
abstract machine
systems given
raises many
levels one
lsa method
core functionality
scoring fimction
highlighted user
next case
also align
underlying structure
precompilation phase
roget category
proposed dependency
perform better
heuristic steps
singular value
using phoneme
weights w1
indexation automatique
input example
symbol ai
xle grammar
partial constituent
whereas rules
voting methods
eine grube
occur infrequently
unobserved co
space usage
seed phrase
informative abstract
particular notion
iso format
objects found
chemin de
hillel et
information formatting
emitting model
mixed structure
2004 ace
germann et
path subgraph
k h
packard laboratories
june 88
matching brackets
june 27
chunking step
pairs observed
sentence needs
paragraphs per
original order
hierarchy defines
extraction strategies
john ordered
following collocations
bottleneck method
read everything
studies cited
phred knowledge
revision model
dependent performance
structures correspond
secondary features
empire sont
complex machinery
weights along
sequential access
translation examples
la corpus
000 people
reference occurs
original vocabulary
different parameters
category 1
active hypotheses
24 lexicographer
straightforward algorithm
events referred
entry consists
automatic fashion
tile semantics
blue car
feature mark
credibility interval
anchor texts
predicative drs
link exists
individual character
list returned
frequency characteristics
use anaphoric
answering applications
ordering errors
pioneering research
coded templates
strongly vo
selected papers
type z
methods based
scope underspeci
applying process
theory makes
established results
1 vector
similar error
appropriateness conditions
type v
range effects
allows annotators
particular aspect
heuristic strategy
models exhibit
temporal prepositions
assisted machine
using context
rate principle
hardware design
strings using
meaningful word
machine architecture
6 tasks
texts actually
auch nur
9 shows
dictionary containing
detailed equipment
bob dole
tile corresponding
cells represent
minority language
five symbols
conjunction level
set list
modifier scope
physical properties
string rules
coreferent paths
two difierent
strehl et
suggest another
value none
strong contextual
building partial
indicate higher
utiyama et
grammar performs
appositioned noun
filler types
uses several
parse returned
e ects
satellite observation
delimited interval
careful design
emulation model
use existing
mother node
meaning appears
solutions given
better evaluation
jurafsky et
upper words
two pruning
scale document
logit function
theory instantiated
examples presented
better option
simple feedback
learner uses
system learn
considerable margin
decision plane
maximum angle
grammars provide
van coile
tape head
trees based
matching processes
else return
left environment
fig 2
response may
structure describes
1991 association
targeted language
null proach
noun coordination
candidate landmark
level output
number gr
norm regularization
table correspond
simple ratio
predicate p
text order
computations involving
kageura et
repair syntax
among items
discourse properties
acquire disambiguation
representing words
broadcasting corp
space spanned
cannot judge
soon et
score calculated
rules indicating
class c
feature tests
earliest days
yorick wilks
correction grammar
obtaining bigram
give solutions
mais le
imperfective aspect
trigger feature
5 recall
persistent goal
hold simultaneously
surrounding tags
establishing correspondences
words appear
numerical ratings
action history
new hidden
ten sentences
apply first
realistic test
pragmatic reasons
sets without
interpreting results
propagate information
every quantifier
string like
relations called
larger range
times less
pereira 1983
non linear
work quite
relative difference
entire pattern
theory might
subgrammar extraction
occurring discourse
english newspaper
intersective classes
specific usage
trainable systems
define arbitrary
similarity due
logic used
rules already
tag elementary
scale experiments
tie word
crew hatch
particular classifier
pereira 1985
4 presents
identical instance
across parts
1 produces
verb usages
total penalty
search component
third contains
pitch contours
grammatical items
exhibit significant
management strategy
lexical n
character correspondence
greater improvement
alignment probability
single finite
question phrases
focused plan
european corpus
4 verbs
n q
using penn
deterministic grammar
previous english
like id
monolingual bitexts
semantic entry
head f
event schema
useful set
result causation
tuples like
f takes
used e
themes across
testing time
example case
objects generated
clauses conjoined
query context
node creates
select informative
makes explicit
a7 ria10
merging strategies
figurative meaning
toeic score
fixed position
percent agreement
les sommets
3 type
pairs labeled
major challenge
defense contract
regular condition
subordinate clauses
transducer defines
vectors containing
seretan et
constant depending
function resolveipa
forms allow
features per
term relevance
head definition
uninteresting problems
various alignment
mainstream ai
models depends
speakers share
prediction capability
lambda abstracts
goals involve
mechanism whereby
evaluation style
low priority
model calculates
spatial named
better value
good consistency
true phrase
proofing tools
structuring system
individual lexical
results quite
data construction
tim buckwalter
moderate recall
verb inflections
precise method
da7 pia10
sort constraints
festival speech
e provides
augustus cracklethorpe
phrasal h
type node
profit rate
making processes
two entity
model r
quoted path
separate module
likely sources
term arguments
high entropy
recursive clauses
partial information
intermediate position
documents mentioning
domain recognition
correct order
grammatical point
concrete representation
et h
encoding multiple
utterance acts
possible deep
use trigram
lim et
assignment probabilities
deterministic time
phrases require
webber 1998
utterances contained
analyze sentence
common notation
every agent
reported f
speculative speech
marker symbol
entry modes
ne candidates
fundamental limitations
intermediate output
whole article
lemma l
different paradigms
derives w
adj pses
uniform distribution
various paraphrases
subtrees seen
component also
target sub
contain lots
government pattern
perform word
two categories
perspicuous manner
compares results
following sentence
source description
considerable advantages
answering research
extracting words
efforts made
topic companies
contains items
grammar defines
temporal cue
daily yomiuri
system according
base consists
linking theory
recognizing non
second definition
contains little
two homographs
accurate answers
contrastive information
key verb
intonation phrases
vp phrase
looping bucket
constituent coordination
extraction task
semantic implications
godis system
sequence c
window lengths
contains morphological
nsf award
neither process
measure defined
constituency representations
systems remain
state change
matched pattern
abstracts available
graph representation
motion paths
input conceptual
based signal
use constraints
verification problem
mental object
space resources
bulk processing
similar category
l 7
lexical constituents
social activity
news feeds
useful system
nbest lists
see levelt
one correction
full lexicalization
specific results
scale database
english abstracts
default situation
ant heuristic
sample entry
relations connect
regular expression
sign must
psychological feature
many nlg
itw 9002
two answers
stem morphemes
general ideas
tagged version
challenges facing
user state
clifford natural
test determines
characters based
ontological level
expansion method
sundheim et
basic count
one adopts
words feature
output length
length bound
layout structure
hastings algorithm
fewer rules
existing knowledge
type frequencies
training criterion
selecting verb
phrase combination
greater diversity
topic rather
devtest data
paris 1993
translated strings
isabelle 1992
step described
adjective position
policy changes
template structures
formal consequences
verb template
linguistic treatments
interesting points
possible con
nonmonotonic operations
present program
per message
fixed split
task domain
sparse kernel
two nlp
requests made
evaluation workshops
pcfg rules
work towards
seed terms
experiment run
high snr
related misconceptions
constraint file
relative degree
corresponding elements
node finding
short indicative
approach led
system quickly
various error
based qdie
solve complex
certain genre
sequences directly
words indicate
time transformation
1 measures
current affairs
object promotion
smaller size
expression notation
principles like
four classes
manual extraction
subject phrase
particular interest
solving discourse
certain derivation
dependency modeling
style rules
terms typically
interface implemented
entailment information
suggested interpretations
discourse consists
derivational process
negative forms
deserves special
textual proximity
hearer recognize
np contains
valued context
ignores word
also motivates
level patterns
term look
small count
six project
convey meaning
scale parallel
multilingual extension
distinct mentions
associate every
basic predicate
find errors
fast speech
critical tokenizations
trigram grammar
orthographic strings
competing rules
speaker speaks
users said
boundary tone
boundary tones
indefinite number
adjunct sets
read status
noun phase
added feature
pattern models
translator system
added examples
necessary background
scope properties
pendant que
current mention
given compositions
downward traversal
tree a38
proposed antecedent
metrical trees
la progression
model towards
potential advantage
previous observation
edge weights
name type
seed fact
frequency effect
factor involved
assign less
np level
decomposable models
large variance
condition x
degree n
particularly intriguing
morphological features
default parameters
algorithm given
nec corporation
vertex set
difficult examples
values indicating
25 times
conceptual inference
early mt
syntactic valency
phase determines
classification trees
energy values
dialogue intention
version spaces
subordinating conjunction
participles may
exact measure
nlp group
unidentified words
confidence bounds
important drawback
utterance interpretations
baseline phone
von neumann
forward maximum
experiment without
single uni
several efficient
different publishers
numbers denote
systems defined
created corpora
forms 1
referential phenomena
every n
retrieval output
measures provided
japanese dialogue
syntax particles
produces three
utterance 5
research possible
data points
structures provides
human taggers
modification chain
proper left
overall representation
handle larger
addc statement
specific resources
candidate enumerating
global index
example cited
time checks
controlled subjects
present discourse
uber reform
unstressed words
responses according
lithography objects
current interface
argument parsing
flight departing
algorithm correctly
path since
correct annotations
merging task
analytical function
e h
new program
author believes
novice taggers
normal default
angle brackets
add data
nps co
pass head
parsed treebank
nominal referents
many characters
match ratios
set values
general summary
relations includes
overcoming data
pattern selection
first analyze
kong laws
hypotactic operators
becomes salient
errors arise
canonical svo
ancestor node
interior map
guessing rules
relevant cell
whose part
level representations
simulation experiment
new daughter
compute f
static reversibility
default theme
speaker performs
nlg pipeline
hidden data
entities designated
entire context
experimental control
distributions cannot
final iterations
annotation methods
une operation
linite state
better set
structure rewriting
tor example
significantly alter
mp3 players
enforce semantic
company b
dynamical system
1986 bradley
system outperformed
fixed patterns
foster et
contains 20
igure 3
phrases form
standalone system
classify users
dispersion parameter
empty link
standard alignment
logical connectors
selected tags
high correlation
multiple classification
directional pp
male speaker
concrete syntax
zero fertility
semantic linking
two promising
two multi
applying tbl
access mechanisms
six types
deal mainly
nonterminals n
greatest importance
represent whether
u must
single field
allow incremental
l g
russian word
word expressions
entries related
methods tested
acquisition strategy
based behaviour
steve finch
automatic name
learning models
identification component
generally produces
often suffers
fram e
consensus summary
original parsing
often serves
longer distances
clusters used
target applications
sentences increases
smaller distance
semantic phenomena
lcs template
handling processes
gs task
state process
existe pas
surface phrases
different clause
human thing
nlp field
table provides
two newsgroups
actual name
reuters newswire
require access
values vary
noam chomsky
whole web
training given
dependent edges
rules specify
dotted trees
green arc
panel shows
pmi statistics
initial patterns
new ambiguity
hash function
environment description
increased importance
retrieval capabilities
assign relative
based speaker
typical documents
hypothesis search
facts known
class appears
passes along
sufficient information
b algorithm
per iteration
semantic space
prevent us
options exist
backbone nodes
association may
hara et
computational manipulation
giving access
string elements
two machine
viterbi criterion
whead features
stored messages
applications ranging
collect together
complex contextual
pattern may
recursive propose
parse context
help human
new discourse
common content
natural logic
task efficiency
arabic text
lf nodes
basic edge
samples taken
primary types
merging decisions
constraint specifies
distance calculations
submitted data
beigman klebanov
procedure considers
attitude contexts
use web
parsing tables
semantic underspecification
wrapping operation
induction technique
numerical analysis
200 mb
develop techniques
linguistic functions
gaussian densities
nearest preceding
simple adjective
corresponding columns
analysis containing
top stack
lexicographic definitions
input character
new variable
behavioral level
learned concepts
half times
mps grammars
foreground corpus
frame attributes
standard query
independent teams
reference failure
abstract semantics
given template
training matrix
a60 x
keyed paths
distinct views
sydney university
laplace smoothing
initial portion
atn parsing
directly support
observed time
transformations required
ne le
user uses
data created
called focus
upper levels
discourse relational
antonymic adjectives
models alone
went home
g consists
1 document
candidate mwes
confidence estimate
deep grammar
2 points
source language
particular meanings
next following
based extracts
realization distributions
cosine measures
feature 1
text parsing
entire penn
rules 5
ando et
theoretical standpoint
algorithm examines
type 7
meaning level
best efforts
standard textbooks
automatically adapts
category classification
features yields
syntagmatic links
plu model
bridge verb
hmm csr
perform model
core features
instructional dialogue
cs f
semantic methods
intermediate representations
assign semantic
motivated way
linguistic generalization
n instances
first mt
mapping predicates
obligatory constraints
controlled defining
possible tasks
modular approach
project partners
preliminary definitions
preceding steps
highest peak
three places
elementary school
structures beyond
component flavors
four states
product terms
differ mainly
saw mr
examples could
call systems
student knows
subsequent passes
complex antecedents
intelligence programs
standard error
boosting methods
overgenerating grammar
1982 david
verb definition
temporal inference
ef ciency
1 r
thematic reception
perform similar
systems incorporate
prototype parser
simplest form
context available
1992 association
passing mechanism
type iii
candidate template
sicstus 3
propositions generated
bulletin board
three mentions
auxiliary trees
phantom categories
david took
across modules
assign labels
shared subtrees
duplicated node
models performed
many qa
eigenmaps embedding
entity representing
resampling method
rule dg
analysis cannot
dialog interface
narrow sense
precision calculation
little improvement
continuous density
conceptual symbols
best data
data contained
log function
properties needed
single rule
observed segment
underlying verbs
distinct groups
whereas pr
plan slot
cle algorithm
body language
verbal compounds
removing phrases
various genres
always modifies
jenssen et
third translation
e task
acoustic differences
corresponding class
construct robust
partner model
collect pairs
explicit computational
ambiguous positions
reference process
problem also
referential equivalence
acoustic segments
use sense
new morph
complex use
path data
25 documents
report f1
word chunks
useful role
4 proposes
various directions
word pronunciation
carry different
larger collection
humans parse
alternation rule
unmarked text
robust chunk
level aspects
sequence appears
component parsers
subsequent tasks
phonetic description
every hypothesis
pr system
represent important
surface act
generated headlines
land claim
specialized rules
connections within
slight variations
similar distinction
sortal classes
posteriori estimation
nb classifiers
occur often
golden oldies
3 message
readable thesaurus
100 years
accusative cases
markov language
detailed examination
instantaneous snr
best combinations
autumn begins
produces various
kleene operators
necessary support
languages used
null ports
executable code
verb includes
good fragments
discuss work
subtree pairs
first president
10 runs
people actually
image retrieval
tuesday afternoon
modus operandi
c given
ptb tagset
bigram hidden
obvious advantage
treat every
use standard
goals could
h could
voice segment
typical structure
additional parameters
ellipsis must
related knowledge
expressions based
using bbn
composite verbs
4 input
concurrent prolog
using gate
count threshold
global coherence
visual form
architectural design
participle phrase
problem involved
regular approximation
annotated part
table h
component draws
individual crfs
unpublished details
brackets denote
task usually
much trouble
est pourquoi
view algorithms
simplify matters
input lexical
nothing particularly
tense clauses
12 seconds
text papers
le de
efficient search
english tagger
randomization testing
fragments spanning
five sites
french dictionary
ptq fragment
de cette
ion w
semantic equivalence
sequence composed
formed strings
increase tile
du graphe
largest gain
exponential loss
contextual influence
pilot annotation
texts translated
spoken translation
b corresponds
distinction seems
verb expresses
sense reasoning
use naive
element feature
items listed
gram orders
sentences ranked
rough estimate
advisor believes
end symbol
agents work
assuming coreference
good man
template tasks
us election
categories could
mapping technique
objective criteria
context information
terminological units
immediate naming
regular variations
uses five
coding procedure
comparing similarity
james davidson
chain contains
1 database
sense 0
locality heuristics
unknown parts
quantifier like
general category
performance time
resolves ambiguity
labeling accuracy
next train
social networks
two expansions
meaning shift
also concern
speaker indicates
link one
program interface
provide expectations
ils peuvent
associated meanings
performance speech
svm light
lexical sports
later iterations
gradable adjectives
inconsistency arises
speech understanding
statistics rather
determining object
usual interpretation
case however
less features
critical fragment
used criteria
shows excerpts
based mode
relation type
important step
3 postmodification
cohesion analysis
path found
value constraint
rules often
weaker assumption
high c
nn dt
poor estimation
appropriate weight
compound words
model topology
based category
minutes later
adj noun
virtual objects
made known
reference times
expression describing
article pair
efficient development
raising constructions
p stands
combined tree
style transformational
art wsd
several languages
3 focuses
information formats
always occurs
interactive mode
first passes
elicited information
resolution component
identify speech
entries appear
les crit
dotted productions
explanatory portions
score report
relation since
improvement due
covered list
completion task
cases without
inherent uncertainty
three views
basketball game
similar analyses
communication research
make requests
algorithm defined
structural connections
recursive constraints
algorithm inserts
properties via
morphological parsers
word bars
syntactic sub
tagged texts
technique employed
final level
cancer cells
user intervention
restrictive definition
little attempt
single paradigm
core pointer
using information
possible subsequences
segment modifies
particular user
distance pronouns
task sentence
additional test
utterance recognition
special notation
verb tell
indexing path
memory vector
list could
annotations contain
mean frequency
space become
discounted probability
np translation
beliefs concerning
node encoding
theory must
possible reductions
represent one
right adjunction
determinism hypothesis
distant language
successive learning
concepts could
tool takes
several attempts
specifying expressions
english terms
individual characters
results fall
role indicator
direct association
binary encoding
giving preference
random shuffle
remains true
whole predication
group words
usual function
comparing contexts
pseudo splitting
buffer containing
ungrammatical ones
opposite side
attribute relations
cfg grammars
solution consists
proof patterns
rhetorical classification
exponential priors
attractive approach
support vector
match criterion
trigger patterns
matches b
parsed corpora
methods similar
statistical heuristics
daniel chester
user edits
application rather
style annotation
simple chinese
possible collocations
violated constraints
another human
first domain
grammar coding
produce words
relations qui
shared task
conceptual revision
positive horn
second parameter
primary means
three male
following jackendoff
literal l
offers us
technical manuals
incorrect candidate
pronoun hun
parsers described
cycle repeats
time f
agrees well
object refers
gain insight
mostly use
category notation
unclassified proper
interpreting text
bos implementing
spurious part
selection problems
unified value
database defines
discontinuous constituency
effective support
contextual relevance
city guide
purpose corpus
mathematical objects
five children
coder selection
type required
combined evidence
line application
word networks
unit based
shopping tonight
krauthammer et
application programs
area code
three groups
logical level
spoken monologue
small treebank
boundary exists
rich man
ces syst
attributes appear
iob values
positive result
direct semantic
buffer cells
fundamental result
valency constraints
special importance
small improvement
sloppy reading
numerous experiments
segmentation candidate
provide strong
iteration step
practical applicability
whose form
system cs
higher types
pair 1
null used
takahashi 1975
levine engaged
linear filtering
bernd kiefer
arbitrary language
model probabilities
introduce two
various permutations
nominalized verb
common transition
unseen text
several function
suggestion made
matrix containing
level cognitive
simple hmm
hand stress
ordering problem
rules needed
confidence 1
possible benefit
teaching cis360
better understanding
summaries containing
six members
corpus plus
es may
case cubic
criterion using
essential differences
become inconsistent
make distinctions
cooperative answers
automatique des
lattice based
iraq war
easily access
different search
prolog parser
filtering module
association metric
unique query
room category
learning procedure
formal representations
working grammar
application du
strategic generation
language responses
section uses
seeds used
idiosyncratic component
redundant examples
response functions
sentences listed
user creates
expressions referring
art algorithms
used training
primary contribution
retrieval dialogues
student answer
query information
a19 a121
summary sample
linguistic variation
end reasoning
access module
october sky
knowledge currently
run semcat
fifty times
time includes
query token
latter used
capture generalisations
entity exists
expanded context
watson research
meeting understanding
miyao et
class contains
computer terminals
number information
distance apart
annotation software
expertise level
states f
approach shows
original algorithm
major points
2nd edition
critical words
50 p
real work
domain verb
directional evaluation
belief networks
constraints associated
dictionary form
thus r
dissimilarity measures
new hypernym
annotated dataset
verbal element
8 correct
rebecca bruce
contains 23
chinese nes
low similarity
phrase represents
task known
constraint seems
option available
significant differences
phoneme sequence
lexicon consists
increases exponentially
derivation graphs
spanish dictionary
based classi
combined meaning
square statistic
works efficiently
adding appropriate
messages using
system implementation
integrity constraint
likelihood score
produce responses
integrate automatic
arabic data
single non
transtype project
operator requires
local minima
interpretation system
class level
constraints influence
original proposal
lasso loss
report good
trec document
7 characters
aust et
noun indexing
state even
given integer
hisami suzuki
method generates
il les
desired sentence
identical arguments
translation capability
chunks may
causes us
pilot effort
constituent grammars
value shows
epsrc advanced
hierarchical type
different development
felicitous use
equivalent translations
hastie et
means clear
define dependency
whose trees
coefficient measures
entries indicate
simple perceptron
like description
integer representing
essential argument
object c
innate concepts
adequate means
gaussian noise
path pl
infinitive verbs
use forward
step 9
forward values
words indicates
level annotated
derive domain
integrated parsing
2004 test
therefore redundant
preferred meaning
test dialogs
practical point
system builder
english phone
ith feature
compatible derivation
voice interface
un sommet
tool like
case type
linearization rules
head provides
level branch
phrase e
raises problems
raises several
attribution relation
l consists
hombre de
long series
process sentence
quality corpus
engineering approaches
recovery rules
current directory
listener makes
log likelihood
text obtained
label unification
optimal weights
question vector
checking functions
reddy 1979
one dialogue
lexicon architecture
single base
categorizing news
skewed data
observed agreement
empirical success
values often
method exploits
annual meeting
phrase follows
incomplete analyses
ts uses
development section
different arabic
determinisation algorithm
hirschman et
state structure
trec experiments
domain vectors
boundary analysis
every parse
argumentation theory
full logical
parse constituent
smoothing procedures
constraint node
induced clusters
surface sentences
computational solution
test last
using citations
target generator
stage training
new elements
many speakers
tag given
000 pair
language phenomena
jelinek 1985
actual working
integrating language
based perspective
every admiral
possible sentence
factoid score
fragment probabilities
auxiliary relations
another concern
different picture
sample lexicons
textual connectives
split conflguration
various analyses
4 predictions
balanced categories
nlu module
surface realizers
corresponds roughly
various cues
indices assigned
subword models
baseline curve
khalil sima
rank ordered
0 n
rules via
computational expense
frequency divided
set identification
internal memory
im jahr
normalized quality
specific description
independent generation
warm water
hash values
a0 a10
cm model
corresponding filler
correct attachments
connection information
morpheme extraction
input scenes
context x
independent hmms
location entity
sequence contains
current mt
cognitive linguistics
reranking approach
assigned weight
partial string
clause boundedness
languages fall
simple synchrony
neighboring cells
ii also
mental lexicon
major advantage
utterance situation
topic category
high costs
church term
translation possible
better access
subject zero
backward algorithm
seed word
configurations shown
birth place
whole utterance
incorrect ones
test database
query q1
computational semantics
adequate evaluation
missing element
combined tag
words chosen
many contexts
features required
variant model
stories may
strictly default
listener might
one course
number expected
certain area
5 precision
larger word
english collection
vx e
harris 1968
sequence level
unrelated sentences
hopkins summer
5 years
additional clause
frequencies acquired
translator productivity
formal aspects
right subcat
compliant modules
best student
xml formats
relevance weights
direct equivalent
three raters
high sound
engineering review
final preposition
label k
power set
token labeled
write sentences
single hold
characteristic functions
seminar course
4 rules
states described
subsequent sentence
lp chooser
paper clip
different ie
evaluation among
saturday morning
likely tree
kr wff
significant increase
principle also
decision thresholds
input subtree
word keyed
labeled samples
following solution
proposed beliefs
techniques combined
john drinks
errors might
information conveyed
probability parse
annotation examples
production states
five pairs
argument marked
target combination
ga wakari
theoretical vocabulary
feature forest
rule means
basic message
students become
yale university
syntactic grounds
detecting speech
multilingual input
role sequence
proposed process
general satisfier
synchronous beam
thesaurus entry
vp mod
tagging knowledge
produces natural
inner quantifier
language make
local telephone
geta group
reusing resources
match corresponding
values needed
best settings
overall coherence
input element
lesson plan
iff e
overlap occurs
joint feature
conceptual predicates
shallow treebank
corresponding passive
make subject
se jl
different result
binarizable rules
style tig
sophisticated context
delay patterns
interpreting utterances
groups must
e useful
unique category
1 depicts
particular theoretical
extraneous terms
time improving
implemented domain
unified system
dan quayle
natural voices
axiom links
erhard w
preposition depends
cannot therefore
nominal object
performance compares
groups developing
periphrasing system
constraint states
preferred order
four thousand
different conditional
time scale
les conseils
scopal polarity
atomic relations
distribution ratio
efficiency function
sense extensions
67 times
two uses
morimoto et
full intonational
tag corresponding
filter algorithm
drawing inferences
second sequence
senses involving
adjunct sequence
restoration module
rules learnt
e ika
implicit negatives
character boundaries
initial noun
incompatible types
articles per
score information
form restrictions
head h
following lp
needs may
direct fashion
prototype system
research attention
string probability
syntactic research
final translation
also measures
heuristic constraints
markov models
vacant land
gigaword corpus
various checks
taxonomic name
ease frames
lfg g
possible interpretations
conjunctive expressions
semantic retrieval
sentence received
sentence respectively
undesirable result
annotated trees
emploi de
original function
vocabulary would
substantial overlap
text corresponds
clause deals
word becomes
pattern completion
much improvement
sentence interpretation
units associated
perspective information
phrase sets
pairs selected
full mark
explicit requests
string segmentation
specified range
manning 2003
various usages
parse information
retrained sphinx
oracle best
gradual patient
declarative sentence
comparison relations
positive results
combine different
mistakes due
rule evaluation
every story
gene mentions
similarity method
predicative metonymy
optm task
1 probabilities
speakers need
single edges
center establishment
system reported
semantic control
cannot calculate
semantic specificity
japanese named
tokens would
black responding
contained information
potential abbreviations
bit coding
binary predicates
answer types
individual objects
corrected word
allows much
auxiliary corpus
computational simplicity
transducers representing
four properties
orthographic words
improved source
prosody features
interface systems
two vowel
basic memory
whose productions
anchoring relation
21 rules
research organization
da tags
military command
known algorithm
mt applications
crucial element
immediate need
desired answer
generalizations could
graphic representation
surfacy features
processing dictionary
vo access
operational conditions
qualitative investigation
vespra system
development environment
central nodes
noun analysis
assessment task
lower value
sentence maximum
news group
blunder l
make subtle
like language
tfs unification
recognized terms
j ohn
number x
logical translation
literature available
text preparation
sublanguage word
rules expanding
combining algorithm
children must
special treatment
process relies
input characters
right predictor
index could
type consists
104 sentences
preliminary phase
via grant
without prepositions
2 nd
clausal level
structure definitions
high marginal
language either
scene break
contemporary chinese
adaptive learning
ne phrase
cannot overcome
feel cold
didier bourigault
tree connecting
apparent differences
tables similar
achieve linear
rosetta stone
type recall
ubs data
dominant concept
maximum matching
information shows
identification experiments
generated phrasal
yields three
xi j
regular english
referent corresponding
acoustic coefficients
tree adjoins
first sentence
likely meaning
attachment errors
ba ratio
use head
irex committee
support document
target english
evaluation protocol
closed class
definite articles
coverage ltag
act could
deep appreciation
explored ways
two principal
scale speech
concrete individual
systems aimed
consist solely
pragmatic aproach
two prepositions
roles goal
certain documents
general transformation
proper embracement
vr world
new attributes
unseen data
numex type
within snow
message reader
zhang le
diachronic analysis
two principle
careful reading
constituents left
old data
usable repository
see di
style syntactic
sentences constructed
large dictionary
overlapping information
vector p
examples x
hybrid strategy
larger event
complete analysis
values converge
chinese ner
documents written
significance tests
produce either
current domain
elements e
without conditions
third parties
smoothing factor
ditto tags
code numbers
particular classification
e top
system ill
specific scenario
memory experiments
statement might
possible answer
historical record
message specification
ease frame
correct interpretation
position must
lkehara et
uniform probabilities
e also
rather coarse
feature notation
finishing time
model contain
marked forms
rule value
specific language
embedded case
underlying program
union grant
start processing
cannot give
naive algorithm
levels 1
new effort
temporal binding
social actions
scale free
a42 a7
resultant structure
present experimental
evidence relation
affecting precision
guided parser
true inflection
different categorization
corresponding generation
including document
data resource
world states
dialogue objects
performance drops
group related
new environments
functional expressions
classical work
bound n
superordinate terms
data give
un r
strong c1
repetition alone
sistine chapel
punctuation elements
80 rules
x associated
branch node
verbindung mit
corresponding hmms
individual similarity
correct path
process often
similar definition
tests include
paths without
part et
verb provides
left corner
last word
incorrect entity
derived paraphrases
like numbers
xhpsg grammar
deal primarily
program cannot
pair classification
document analysis
tsochantaridis et
larger example
measure accuracy
matrix dlsa
past week
specificity score
find suitable
frequent items
domain systems
seed model
poor translation
one bit
match defined
weeber et
serious attempts
work relevant
length ratios
august 1991
purpose must
ney et
parameter associated
two dependent
zu haben
noun ontology
final boundary
word aligners
general feeling
different sorts
lingual dictionaries
definite time
match principle
roman alphabet
incorrect categories
hrase structure
reservation system
clustering proceeds
perform cross
two literals
relate words
intonational phrasing
different usage
complex level
including r
previous training
context vs
never returns
choice must
lexicon included
constituent analysis
one expert
hlt program
rest first
parser failure
accurate translations
translation mechanisms
parser backtracks
methods discussed
two computer
nwire data
representations without
yu context
basic procedures
link classifier
representational tools
key results
nodes along
time parameter
man hungry
adequate set
many variables
daum et
mapping type
8 j
word structures
mary showed
type package
idiomatic meanings
grade words
internal expressions
citations data
john dowding
substitution cipher
seed urls
body shifts
occur occasionally
auxiliary files
directly manipulate
frame window
probabilities would
multiple interpolation
right predictions
bit word
whose depth
tile accuracy
detailed explanation
stochastic surface
capture various
attributed grammar
second task
theme 1
clusters contain
intervening nodes
incorrect answers
two translations
sentence boundary
bayesian information
5 john
actual instance
iec 10646
pattern constituents
conclusion part
overall flow
est celui
r k
using java
formed metonymies
also r
probable candidate
paragraph length
recognized phone
final list
correctness results
categories x
linguistic explanation
default weight
ranking method
linguists work
platteau 1980
task via
specific numbers
connects two
uses word
least model
individual contexts
including linguistics
memory used
mop system
text phase
receiving university
a7 a18
clearly demonstrate
labels might
plural referents
correspond well
article would
certain structure
rules suggested
specific hlt
strategy would
occurred word
phonological grammars
category transition
dialogue modeling
object etc
variable introduced
pointing stick
likely order
recognition front
computed precision
analysis trees
inference process
phonetic models
two subsets
segment b
conjunction node
rule implies
question session
avrebbe assunto
included words
fragment grammar
calculus axioms
reduplication substitution
begin coffee
ldoce typesetting
20 verbs
453 turns
dependency arc
lambek grammar
detection using
found online
coverage constraint
specific phenomenon
jerry feldman
prolog system
structure np
differ primarily
voiceless fricatives
systems engineering
selected samples
sentences might
partial orders
describe conditions
people take
several grammars
analyze verb
preposition alone
sentence list
treating adjuncts
language lexicons
word delimiters
right rules
process needed
phonemic inventory
metaphorical mappings
category 3
belief structures
sequence translation
bp bd
diverse ways
trees ti
2 give
clustering error
study supports
valid value
communication modality
members extracted
words close
bigram w
parse rooted
r diagram
content conditions
scratch elds
proper classification
anaphoric references
tagging ratio
recomposition unit
sentences illustrating
performing combination
rule processor
identical test
grammar transform
million documents
work ha
recursive forms
grammar module
functional chunks
confidence limit
matching criterion
create clusters
4 elements
different results
one realization
traditional corpora
level representational
semantics might
string generation
returns 0
list x
company saw
even part
boundary markers
level organization
veldhuijzen van
pattie est
represent left
fragments whose
single deletions
finding algorithms
node recovery
sakai et
problem space
previous offer
di erence
shared features
colloquial speech
abstract symbols
learning strategy
typical events
documents rather
osgood values
relevant evaluation
70174 stuttgart
30 pm
english word
situation exists
actual location
1 a0
hsu 1994
9 b
correct referents
answer typing
syntactic generator
trainable text
pure maximum
attribute must
parse x
theoretical hypotheses
search message
class boundary
maintaining information
commutative monoid
test allowed
decision boundary
speech units
parallel environment
rule set
defined evaluation
document routing
sequential presentation
un parallel
unit model
correcting errors
broad daylight
high level
users completed
additional development
question marks
based template
simpli ed
formed words
also straightforward
driven search
grapheme type
next years
using bleu
one tries
paper investigated
entities extracted
task given
gram statistical
first answer
subjective elements
lexical constraint
given section
item used
problem presented
facilitate understanding
previous l
frequency types
decimal classification
every way
help towards
keyword like
comparator software
structure tags
sense inventories
useless nonterminals
body procedure
public domain
markers like
explicit subject
patterns provided
possible recognition
specific relation
output format
average parse
empirical distributions
language spoken
low weights
deterministic automata
arabic ocr
procedure leads
word atoms
sound conversion
shorter sentence
ranking interpretations
appropriate nodes
components must
frequency weights
language software
elements described
single run
chart position
used approximate
tags corresponding
knowledge engineers
aaai spring
content must
whose corpus
possible positions
degenerate case
enabling inferences
surface pairs
state verbs
evaluators would
world natural
focusing information
queen values
relative lack
ensemble size
units u
ontological classes
broader definition
good response
conceptual items
languages contain
using string
les donn
processing order
creative artists
basic expressions
tn real
virtual lattice
technology developers
mathematical techniques
syntactic atn
report accuracy
stages 1
product model
every article
rules appearing
time provides
reserved symbols
whose state
kk algorithm
double occurrences
sets c
highest mi
special dictionary
nlp tools
entropy rate
iterative estimation
main disadvantages
printed version
base du
ilp models
word encountered
since feature
many techniques
much memory
syntactic combination
different resources
one future
program chair
distinct np
disambiguation works
words linked
ciaramita et
kazama et
johan bos
semantics side
phrase accents
smith et
class file
terminology translation
coreference tags
september 2004
nominal case
problem requires
last example
process via
denoting events
discourse rather
mercedes benz
german fiction
common gateway
arabic nouns
ti 1
sentence likelihood
subsequent recognition
word present
des adverbes
informational structure
question used
observe also
derived category
suffix trees
structure mapping
coding cost
sequences based
system offers
8 senses
students whose
particular importance
datr description
sense repositories
constraints test
insertion penalties
text improves
atn formalism
lemma 7
unrelated pairs
contemporary japanese
intelligent example
theta theory
kamre mein
sparse architecture
penman spl
peg parser
software problems
specific summaries
captures whether
n matching
search memory
component could
last model
modified nouns
defined value
active components
q would
whose behavior
sufficient acoustic
relpro vp
account deficit
semantic output
marine weather
domination relations
common evaluations
small increment
probable ones
similar scale
stock exchanges
dictionary approach
additional polysemy
possible expansion
intervening text
x q
avoid missing
order algorithm
perceptron update
since adjectives
called redundant
grammar remains
comparative analyses
3 patent
inspiring discussions
inps erences
program participants
1 contain
grammar specification
conventional grammar
individual plan
entropy modelling
two clusters
deductive mechanism
gao et
another document
n times
pairwise alignments
set would
annotate anaphoric
scoring programs
maury cooper
la correspondance
dictionary maintenance
suitable knowledge
sentence aggregation
system combines
infinite loop
title sentence
another session
british english
immediate hypernym
scores could
representing terms
current elementary
six areas
relations expressing
new probability
framework yields
parameter q
minimization process
contribute directly
automatic method
complex preposition
different markov
consequently word
dictionary records
1 time
4 decoding
obtaining candidate
funding agencies
000 stem
site selection
listener must
matrix form
learned mappings
diane horton
appropriate point
default sorts
np object
node pairs
modeling perspective
capture global
high thresholds
required entry
english chunking
restrictive strategies
query string
form q
search iteration
new segmentation
preceding constraints
prepositional semantics
coding exercises
phrasal entry
system initialization
direct generalization
knowledge modeled
tile technique
cache language
linguistic restrictions
nominal argument
sri atis
entire manual
acquire hyponymy
label c
phenomena associated
graph constructed
savings bank
feature describing
descriptive tools
np frame
append relation
considering pairs
number string
french bilingual
space models
root dictionary
conversion errors
represent certain
whereas using
separated clusters
intention recognition
averaged f1
factor could
frequent type
provide multiple
require extensive
proposes several
operates bottom
object contains
reliable model
x u
subordination relation
icd specifications
wsd research
dependency set
phonological components
suppose u
darpa air
containing features
possible stress
facilitate access
necessary components
binary predicate
structure rules
amanda stent
adaptive recognition
hc corpora
given h
null ex
length criterion
maximize performance
evidence may
semantic capabilities
list representations
test scenarios
sets allows
stopping conditions
tasks require
using speaker
selection based
get information
modification probabilities
component identifies
nps introduce
gain insights
word theories
main stream
style generation
basic implementation
parse crossing
theoretical background
geopolitical entity
matrix entity
individual variables
ccg derivation
nlp classification
output tags
parsing strings
language feature
compounds found
cic lattice
language examples
additional implicit
a2 a21
first annotator
interlingua based
predicates like
determined analyses
initial specification
r correlation
thinks mary
model compares
every constraint
darpa spoken
provides methods
argumentative features
transcription accuracy
april 2003
like models
bracketed strings
scribe nurse
factored language
general definition
two inference
form u
tipster gazetteer
certain pronouns
complex translation
analytical differences
interesting insights
rule reads
annotation parts
pop arcs
tree growth
special meaning
second equation
piet help
dated june
dialogue plan
atomic conditions
original grammars
make complementary
journal test
matrix multiplication
monotonicity property
primary index
tree root
cutoff values
spatial meaning
dummy word
study reveals
capitalized letter
axiom says
several decision
provided data
relief plan
potential repairs
specified term
english example
result values
ten stories
small chunks
simple strings
controlled way
automatic classifiers
sign sign
two degrees
class specifies
decreasing precision
head statistics
design tool
structured concept
one dialect
multiple antecedents
temporal anchoring
appendix shows
single sub
annotated corpus
tags defined
help avoid
rel english
search procedures
appropriate text
actual news
strategies based
also avoid
text around
guido minnen
captures important
english model
extended phrase
five distinct
det var
condition 2
translation module
dictionary files
answering framework
represent meanings
mary looked
4 et
gist system
remarkably simple
order languages
mima et
sophisticated information
method proceeds
standard f
less context
dialogues using
system mt
two eases
multipl e
used equation
good description
ninety percent
figure 2b
systems seem
null speech
meaning classes
rule syntax
assume familiarity
korean spacing
graph clustering
symbol occurring
specific region
lilfes native
contextual consistency
particular content
el salvador
standard definition
labels based
20 megabytes
conducting research
relations represented
high dimensionality
probabilistie tag
header words
classifier chooses
great effort
trois fois
clausal boundary
relevant set
passage length
bernoulli trial
document one
unfound words
april 2001
ou relation
combination could
approaches include
appearance probability
relative performance
multiple use
specific models
values appearing
three np
extract candidates
maximum spanning
function maps
flat annotation
null eration
developing nlp
consultation dialogues
dialogue studies
frames automatically
tree traversals
independent dialogue
assumption reduces
code may
cd l
probability pm
extraneous word
text grammars
th one
cooperative principle
modifiers like
grammar recognizes
completely disambiguate
contain many
sentences based
data combined
boosted wrapper
active arcs
either hand
blame assignment
particular item
information transferred
contain words
shi et
j words
inappropriate ones
whole processing
access rights
path name
nouns ending
glr parsing
predicate types
line head
contents words
ideal performance
paper deals
initial seed
comprehensive theory
input contexts
simpler constraints
last question
topics change
grand variance
different platforms
semantic patterns
single schema
inheritance net
rst part
meaning frame
many dictionaries
altering errors
linguistic concept
dot matrix
clef corpus
commonly occurs
relevant fragment
real error
alternative rhetorical
terminal rules
computing machinery
null tained
final kernel
connectionist model
respective probabilities
empty trees
items must
one alone
verb expressing
broader scale
les possibilit
prediction construction
distinct rules
lik e
convergence rate
hard drive
central data
sd type
plausible alternative
features learned
n documents
10 show
sufficient number
critical feature
first expansion
al 1973
equipment failure
specific selection
palmer 2000
japan quake
speech synthesizer
corpus construction
unix workstation
language perplexity
thanks also
different periods
data means
vocalism tape
construct two
sentence atis
correct values
various scale
community might
r refers
two formants
length given
december 1980
related errors
introduces two
unlabeled training
frame constraints
valid words
weighted agreement
categorization problems
application des
extended relations
entourage de
datr language
make extracts
cc node
get mary
educational testing
process guarantees
total sample
dsp approach
synthesis process
semantic portion
2 pos
grammar p
manual transcriptions
refer readers
bilingual pair
interesting evaluation
morphological affixation
parser even
fuzzy inverted
tense forms
concrete terms
fronted wh
small random
parse a1
proclaiming tone
order function
ontology shown
automatic concept
special nature
test articles
treat punctuation
mhz processor
lawyers debate
indices associated
linguistic expectations
data extracted
standard sets
system difficult
entire string
training accuracy
fact extraction
high translation
simple parser
substantial portion
governing category
correction subdialogue
provide robustness
500 utterances
new specific
deterministic pruning
hypotheses selected
uses conceptual
preferred attachments
evaluation algorithm
hwa sample
computer usage
ordering phenomena
pallett et
world encyclopedia
treebank structures
one decade
feature 3
potential value
mary hit
conceptual type
integrated circuits
also fall
spanish bilingual
boolean keyword
99 percent
speech tagger
semantic representations
useful terms
recognized word
overall clustering
simulated user
conventional dictionaries
retrieve information
dependent interpolation
combined algorithm
promising line
editor would
adjacency attributes
regular sets
individual types
bad scores
extraction requires
john usually
use later
backoff paths
history tree
phrase sequence
time task
hiyan alshawi
extents matching
est sur
multiword tokens
similar sounding
prefix followed
senseclusters supports
base summary
parser knp
individual weights
pp across
test grammar
share meaning
similarity detection
hearer share
quality phrases
noun compounding
cl research
absolute minimum
pronoun analysis
annotated files
relevant options
p may
two symbols
mots et
study demonstrates
large regions
bayesian subnet
v nodes
coherent clusters
citations may
john baked
algorithm identified
hypothetical computer
thus contain
list attached
text indexing
total parse
trivial algorithm
single inheritance
third case
hickl et
art computational
tagger model
agreement table
different branches
term spaces
whose conditions
problem could
phrases play
identify domain
observed changes
gain value
pure chance
systemic sense
state hidden
small networks
pcfg using
systems together
reliability scores
strings belonging
chunking tags
search expressions
many members
stereotypical knowledge
apply method
september 1986
system passes
voting mechanisms
action since
base query
learn probabilities
sentence frames
remaining errors
aussi les
word collocations
word already
sets composed
dependency syntax
word blocks
part upon
corresponding decrease
resulting lexicons
decomposition strategies
passive ones
discontiguous dependencies
formal elegance
somewhat crude
java language
structured arguments
current answer
summarization approaches
rbf kernel
matched rate
systematic difference
negative polarity
handle ellipsis
typical discourse
element noun
root tag
knowledge represented
trained weights
tile morphological
june 1999
general ner
verb classifications
event durations
importance since
identify candidate
programs like
le sommet
involving negation
threaded discussion
four slots
newspaper reports
coverage dependency
centroid word
2 means
final classes
r c
including travel
scoring alignment
unnecessary components
head features
software platform
emphasis lies
english question
selects translation
nominal descriptions
karttunen 1993
represent user
character order
spmt models
integrated dialog
role features
two coordinate
exchange messages
psgure 2
parses exist
matched string
attachment problem
convergence behaviour
propositional letter
remaining quantifiers
automatic ranking
global assignments
parsing evaluation
examples annotated
task orientation
clause rank
ideas underlying
effective analysis
n structure
new formulation
text samples
business process
winning unit
synchronous grammar
approach compared
incremental system
three predictions
swedish word
au lieu
participants communicate
formed sequences
used versions
applying rules
statistical dialogue
practical advantages
set varies
structural organisation
nouns identified
monetary expressions
within tile
order traversal
printed texts
7 j
dialogue types
putative stems
partial knowledge
ideal meanings
product operators
unknown character
passages retrieved
stay active
whole process
parallel computing
planning paradigm
scope expression
additional results
mmi tree
use b
feature yielded
distinct slot
multiple annotations
meaning pair
defined words
every frequency
node covers
sentence classes
cause changes
successor blocks
weakly equivalent
users performing
evidential reasoning
sentences referring
weighted average
second top
final score
input consisting
candidates must
idas uses
detailed arguments
pander maat
grammatical status
additional predications
worth keeping
holding multiple
plan using
principle requires
simple evaluation
page counts
lower levels
monolingual generation
first solution
growing popularity
query mode
detect words
supervised techniques
translation mappings
mrs parly
feedback methods
topic definition
preliminary analysis
two effects
tag symbols
suspicion rate
extracted translation
linguistic arguments
svo patterns
interpret definite
selecting text
contrastive knowledge
a1 a8
er approach
200 verb
tree constraints
une chaine
1 compares
certain constructions
object complement
final filtering
amipro collection
iv rules
human verification
testing nlp
rand corporation
semantics must
example 4
lbrt middle
traditional constituency
preprocessing techniques
bragging rights
terminological entries
created domain
documents initially
multiple synsets
dam le
three rules
university student
discusses experimental
four tapes
display terminal
larger compounds
thm annotation
mechanism described
graphical environment
high boundary
value equations
table displays
thai mt
lexical dependency
generalizable features
free lunch
prediction tables
elicitation system
threshold selection
lexical templates
words added
occurrence w
spelling features
table entry
parser thus
sentence frame
2 evaluation
logic cannot
logical object
probabilistic spectral
text components
initial default
approximate learning
various parameter
approach still
agency releases
nakamura et
several shorter
noun group
semantic aspects
new window
plural object
act patterns
interpreting telecommunications
boundary classifier
corresponding roles
aspect interpretation
information occurs
words hypothesized
1988 sales
domain resources
acoustic fast
clustering cues
argument analysis
empty productions
shared mixtures
system agreed
parse almost
corresponding symbol
words preceding
groups mentioned
using viterbi
different press
horizontal index
form proof
pour marquer
words intervene
np case
uniform interface
connection links
stack operations
actual arguments
rigau et
type precision
canonical grammar
whole idea
desu ne
optimal candidates
year phase
see clark
pragmatic functions
handwriting recognition
procedure performs
tts systems
50 minutes
bigram probability
letter changes
arabic name
type expected
symmetric measure
particular transition
single stream
terminological confusion
modal structure
layout elements
alvey directorate
membership value
r allows
sequence kernel
naive grammars
via links
ranks highest
hirst 2001
computer resources
various enhancements
infrequent senses
precision classifier
uses character
semantic shallow
terms become
chunking rules
lexicon rather
possible valid
numex expressions
another consideration
inflectional morphemes
first examines
relatedness among
process verb
differentiate among
dynamic language
email communication
relations also
trial plan
6 systems
phonological segments
macro expansion
direction may
original titles
based abduction
input variables
finer granularity
constraints take
additional resources
lexicalized pcfg
use within
simple value
la longueur
meaningful contexts
test triple
par example
relation name
typing process
threshold may
synonym relationships
give extra
corpus created
entity classifier
cited work
directive mode
japan society
become standard
des bases
military base
confusable word
universal feature
mining parallel
alternative means
purchase orders
obtain data
cooccurrence matrix
venugopal et
copy operation
protein domain
generative rules
program answers
several segments
n rows
word sentence
entropy classi
word acts
new references
minimal error
since humans
fundamental language
appropriate data
act representations
frequency cutoffs
kathleen r
beeferman et
start groups
lambda operators
speech messages
conjunct scope
speaking community
noun field
applied co
cpu cycles
term structure
main menu
cache models
discourse nows
class object
speech community
investigate two
much fine
hash finite
dialect area
fundamental relationship
relations involved
passive form
provides adequate
r uw
sentence entails
np argument
2 value
relations across
verb coverage
level construction
interesting set
good writing
request frame
functional structures
context provided
system efficiency
five subcorpora
trees used
unclassified sentences
processing different
weight distributions
class score
test alternative
decision score
main measure
similar strategies
lisp expression
discourse comprehension
relevant role
query tfs
class frame
events matches
subjunctive mood
example expression
final states
paul left
axis steps
model containing
hurt precision
ambiguity labelling
turn sequence
specified entries
loose way
show f
multiple iterations
sequence v
real number
die schulter
pairs whose
three variants
capture properties
computational architectures
word learning
mention f
node stack
lexemic status
pronominal referent
relative sizes
deeper representations
z treebanks
english character
ordered list
encoding language
tree tg
domain independence
corpus contained
sets shown
sentential subjects
decision node
certain events
language defines
result tells
indirect questions
corpora provide
model consistently
distributions defined
missing articles
machine vision
authors proposed
word lookahead
name smith
towards large
arc relation
good shape
correct decision
ending positions
current positions
relative modifiers
whose leaves
features work
given paraphrase
ith noun
two lexemes
extensive hands
35 features
subtitle generation
improve segmentation
subclass includes
generation copies
ontological mediation
reports recent
neighbour algorithm
chinese newspapers
dominant clause
pertinent data
separate project
general guideline
filler phrase
shared pattern
japanese trading
resulting feature
nondeterministic automaton
document titled
efficient language
7 senses
system already
examples plus
internal structures
nikl system
problem requiring
2 percent
design elements
centering framework
performance usually
scores output
theoretic approach
diverse sources
violated island
find methods
annotators must
analysis uses
women love
tagged document
auf dem
string symbol
issue since
techniques originally
output quality
cacm collection
deputy general
1282 plu
beaucoup plus
wi systems
linguistic modification
core information
blank lines
allow words
positive numbers
data set
state takes
geared towards
problems include
generate chinese
sufficient knowledge
missing grammar
tree tj
point machine
meaning differences
derivational rules
explicit error
20 rules
uses lexical
conflicting beliefs
shared goals
model cannot
incorporate syntactic
extended version
state tool
passive trees
varying values
sentence pair
lexical substitution
maximum aposteriori
complex values
positive literal
every dependency
prior belief
parameter table
extraction could
backward analysis
existing thesauri
see eq
single unification
kim eats
air regulating
substituting variables
blind corpus
nodes except
mixture systems
next query
require word
component x
input normalization
whole book
global word
conversational situation
common situations
results cannot
generation heuristics
aligned blocks
tagging errors
annotator developer
identification accuracies
pushing algorithm
probabilistic word
include system
anxiety 1
sharing tools
scoring category
p alignments
microsoft word
introduce discourse
variations exist
insightful discussions
value b
unknown compounds
algorithm together
relation becomes
let p1
et aux
choice component
outgoing dominance
stigma words
individual members
recent context
searching process
elizabeth shriberg
beat upon
based incremental
collocational strength
two locations
times news
methodology provides
diacritic symbols
oxford dictionary
quality human
e government
word interpretations
advanced parsing
speech based
a42 a3
application called
schubert 1992
evaluation phase
0 constraint
recursive processing
standard parameter
different metrics
among actions
identify elementary
cluster map
appropriate queries
infer plans
tile type
knowledge also
labelled graph
stay clean
collocation statistics
feel justified
systematic analysis
word 5
weak point
sentence identification
potential words
rst trees
descriptive content
contain sequences
closely parallels
conventional view
representing word
true distribution
research progress
cepstrum vector
matches input
incremental understanding
strategy generates
center continuations
vector similarity
r appears
analogous problem
optional part
le r
le di
define two
function specialists
given problem
reading head
file represents
pi process
problematic situations
seven points
class transcription
type declarations
information compared
specified model
verb surprise
second row
keystrokes needed
support time
entry looks
verb features
coordinated sentences
feature needs
tree along
email text
verb also
points difference
andrew haas
human actions
language patterns
support speech
provides examples
previous round
body goal
columns give
imposes restrictions
cohesive cluster
discourse genres
4 runs
separating punctuation
answer candidates
procedural text
data system
annotators disagreed
3 tasks
representation according
du groupe
simple set
fragment containing
morphological output
match accuracy
phrasal lexicons
artificial symbol
tl pos
english lexical
formalism without
task systems
modifier relations
factor x
service agent
expected cell
gricean principles
consecutive events
valid sequences
polysemy operators
verb chu
characters used
real distinction
processing algorithm
knowledge involved
ranked features
extract names
french ewn
foundational ontology
best sapts
recursive step
credit factors
deep trees
tile primary
selection model
knowledge across
december 1988
node according
typical interaction
valued number
synonymous terms
uses automatic
explicit noise
categories plus
ontological properties
efficient acquisition
questions posed
set a90
dialogue contribution
polish notation
automatic detection
example alignment
alignment adaptation
name assigned
cornell nlp
measure improvement
consecutive vowels
account whether
upper curve
reparandum words
correct pair
language portion
textual content
classic information
tag accuracy
input unit
realistic scenario
verb involved
mulbregt et
operational prototype
different utterances
context 2
term spotting
delta flight
specific choices
greater efficiency
including time
simple fragment
creative exploration
positive relation
2 set
parsing system
structural annotations
referential noun
primary units
form derivation
spurious translations
pa rules
transliteration probability
similar task
mean length
principle could
realistic language
starlander et
speech assignments
positive penalty
time constants
david waltz
noise environments
given inputs
times slower
including speech
relevant levels
earley items
item contain
existing parser
basque language
defeat rules
unification equations
common interpretation
surface generators
xiao luo
derivational variants
similarity table
also contain
valuable feedback
benson denotational
vd system
since concepts
baseline configuration
system knows
tsr tree
rejected utterances
reference ambiguity
precision estimate
opposing evidence
foreign languages
tgl rule
include words
information processing
different scenario
words p
ml estimate
phrase denotes
fit test
3 mb
document classifier
grammatical variation
accurate comparison
marcinkiewicz 1993
two predicates
un segment
classic work
language chosen
hand made
imposed constraints
preceding utterance
likely interpretation
daughters left
correct identification
less information
conversion problem
assumes conditional
basic structures
major evaluation
local dialogue
contribute toward
also time
different language
lags behind
present application
integer array
communicate effectively
simple system
initiating segment
denotation must
incorrect translations
hypernym relations
entry heads
various categorial
fin de
names may
temps et
various strategies
private communication
paraphrastic grammar
ra proof
common path
extracting word
speaker characteristics
also speech
related formalisms
system acts
extraposition grammar
italian word
media content
fixed points
average standard
follows standard
example query
certain configurations
industrial application
base wccm
experiment shown
ejv task
rule discovery
multidimensional parsing
performs similarly
graphics generator
multimodal message
respective senses
old name
primitive tree
theoretic version
individual extractors
words total
growing training
corpora using
symbol np
k examples
international committee
anaphors like
strategies similar
stock market
debriefing questionnaire
conjunctive particles
answer dependencies
berry et
use monolingual
load associated
phon attribute
precise results
combinations would
ji de
grammar resulting
specific subjects
previous versions
context knowledge
one stop
scientific theory
clausal object
street journal
training items
final case
variant parallel
grammar configuration
push arcs
known today
fraser university
approaches focus
combination x
missing senses
clauses describe
times associated
integrated components
small structures
natural points
generic user
pass parsing
clause commas
per sentence
aligned sentence
strict ordering
initial points
opposite vector
like gender
400 msec
particular contextual
underlying probability
loss using
english compounds
moves one
acquired verb
th left
hermjakob et
research laboratory
constraints result
current solution
biological systems
blue chip
subjectivity analysis
89 test
word often
give partial
velar fricative
constituent left
miss relevant
engcg disambiguator
prosodic variation
relevant sequences
p1 would
utterance made
selected processors
pronominal elements
learning methodology
la m6me
shared context
verb transitivity
integral valency
ahead buffer
important objective
sentences similar
specif ic
number marker
important modifications
ils apparaissent
baseline qa
carry one
question speech
person titles
primary intentions
sentence ordering
unit element
readable resources
result differences
desirable feature
ove r
syntactic marking
complex nominals
next category
parsing words
training point
theoretical formalism
stochastic gradient
source parse
defined sequences
communication open
uncertain belief
minimal number
understanding module
commercial market
times particular
languages cannot
several finite
human workers
sentential constituents
using knowledge
truth data
anlt dictionary
text segments
improve upon
lexieal rules
different numbers
paradigmatic organization
heuristic assumes
first sight
full stop
expansion results
current gpsg
sophisticated string
structures projected
qui est
diagnostic parser
case due
figure 12
9 presents
problems beyond
inflected adjectives
probabilistic bottom
jones et
anaphoric forms
sequence correspondences
cluster documents
datalog program
boston university
diagram 2
rules involving
language concepts
de concepts
collocation features
final argument
time delay
concrete texts
language capability
hoeppner et
mixture weight
heterogeneous nlp
fixed arity
proof nets
complex classes
linguistic test
awp spindle
five random
size one
simple words
two cluster
average frequency
way disambiguation
news feed
dependent paths
candidates considered
alternative outputs
acoustical environment
occurring sense
unidentified word
one item
john seemed
lines 4
contains pointers
sequence mixture
technology consumers
global model
system known
sure negatives
time features
unification failure
derived f
nodes dominate
vector quantizer
verbs per
number 2
50 essays
successful resolution
pairs variable
de validation
time also
basic requirement
corresponds well
parsers produced
domain medicine
source clauses
e report
particular needs
complex object
wayne ward
constraint violation
useful word
predicate representation
abc corp
compare performances
unseen n
correction approach
sense dictionary
single interpolation
value null
human assessment
function b
objects associated
empty substrings
require similar
98 sentences
standard parses
main use
likely lead
chunk candidate
language aspects
recogniser using
averaged accuracy
automatic test
5 let
speaker uttered
e could
computational technique
general strategies
full content
1 cannot
input instead
higher individual
proof construction
provide direct
entities related
light source
theory used
single measure
contents appear
american university
complex frame
within drt
related problem
red apples
activation process
coherence reading
concerns also
domain text
logical argument
score provided
last element
single formula
navigation window
translated terms
required feature
symbol mapping
correct ordering
hypothesis selection
module assigns
mckeown improving
patient discharge
word thesaurus
three columns
concept b
un individu
class case
time involved
terms whose
primary phrase
alternative representation
section refer
used lsa
standard sequence
metarule application
two children
clear criterion
correct segments
coercion rules
moment de
choose vpe
side patterns
dynamic models
recognized character
clustering definition
hierarchical pitman
tile reference
future point
patterns reflect
subcategorization frequencies
technical translators
relational networks
theory principles
conditions concerning
style guides
parallel activation
morphological representations
greater sentence
original command
provide results
system aiming
morph boundaries
anaphora algorithms
randomization method
marker tag
des ensembles
tre des
tout le
450 sentences
features rather
phrase z
entries added
level chinese
a126a119 a1
clause forms
half female
multiset ccg
strong ordering
turkish also
convince ea
contain individual
notion precise
conceptual operations
noun meanings
procedure add
noun base
context clues
example comes
larger beam
different relation
problems connected
frequency candidates
coreference heuristics
meaning pairings
learning courses
verbs v
word recognition
relative rotation
synchrony networks
vowel pattern
models satisfying
discourse pragmatics
user want
classification technique
meaning would
paper summarizes
tuned system
six relations
party conversations
imposes strong
ported disk
identical documents
process begins
formula would
halting problem
texts whose
treebank sentence
patent collections
hierarchical structures
8 participants
knowing something
engine three
class g
diagnostic evaluation
properly define
leading rule
transformation described
resources subtask
four phases
occurs frequently
progressive time
using template
differ semantically
cannot treat
identify multi
based environment
weighting schema
p n
hypothesis may
marks every
biology corpus
similar classifications
black dot
state transductions
meaningful unit
occurs mainly
cluster structure
appropriate labels
evaluation pool
probabilities estimated
ject matter
option 2
zmura 1988
level hmm
player 4
acceptable string
see monkey
model changes
necessary adjustments
like constituents
gestural features
receive multiple
i1 est
corresponding figures
missing link
system answer
12 viewpoints
technical correspondence
des op
protein folding
certain discourse
paired sample
relations relate
ample opportunity
conditions exist
case structures
another time
states involved
relation assigned
prior topic
extended texts
morphological relatedness
initial progress
contain several
coverage compared
r contains
special algorithm
first homograph
starting analysts
reverse engineering
dempster et
mb corpus
actions within
cell may
fails completely
term description
string realization
another speech
iu coding
rst author
additional description
devise methods
surface expressions
dictionary encoding
complicated matter
ie model
every week
morphology using
headed strings
using integers
c continues
dont le
categorization based
subject said
frame theory
intended model
tree forms
discourse analyses
hyponym acquisition
corresponding surface
clues concerning
discourse cues
interpreter uses
gain access
anonymous variable
email data
processus qui
briefly explains
metadata matching
gram back
thoughtful comments
final lexicon
default language
rank collocations
new vp
structure comprising
different summaries
concept within
morphemic level
plan reasoning
distance syntactic
madcow corpus
english closed
extract phrase
five folds
following independence
coreference analysis
program correctly
40 percent
point semantics
annotation transform
shallow structures
essential condition
contextual structure
adaptive systems
abstract type
annotation module
ur die
transition frequencies
precedence restrictions
robust morphological
give readers
sense meaning
also mention
best explanation
control overfitting
time scales
modal constructions
computer aid
proper use
chinese also
resource types
high score
topic provides
week 1
symbols denote
network represents
used co
dan moldovan
geometric means
word via
verb kiss
state elements
second correlatum
structures could
occurrence smoothing
rule transducer
whose source
latter cannot
point corresponding
phonemic contexts
potential presupposition
statistical named
backoff translation
compiled grammar
call semantic
relations returned
giorgio satta
processing phase
joint attention
3 sentence
response templates
generated noise
atomic sentences
theoretical difference
another segment
every manager
merging information
specific strategy
dialogue representation
physics problems
well use
therefore add
wordnet algorithms
based conversion
basic tasks
class mcsl
several field
synset relations
roommates met
solutions found
coherence relations
inductive bias
fairly straightforward
cases shown
different pics
digit class
k decreases
explicit distinction
across contexts
new web
primitive vocabulary
returned snippets
ambiguous items
instance type
apparent pseudo
contrast relations
coherence considerations
z p
retrieval conference
role linking
deux niveaux
classical qc
funakoshi et
use everyday
embedded subject
probabilistic scoring
free adjuncts
descriptive capacity
extracted frames
idea works
ambiguous morphological
donc une
relevant facts
general task
wordnet node
action nouns
splitting algorithm
ted dunning
fallout score
patterns include
stochastic tree
recognition evaluation
sense tagged
sequence g
social situation
forms shown
appropriate passages
jeong et
preposition meaning
similar statistics
items mentioned
part determined
hirst 1981
smoothed unigram
better word
appropriate target
multilingual generation
strong correlations
synonym information
cannot access
major system
abstract machines
efficiency would
5 template
semantic influences
identify similarities
increase system
dictionary source
experiment l
words uttered
agents acting
level comparable
poorer recognition
word stress
significant sub
determine two
ahead policy
constraints results
dominance nets
model 8
polarity classifier
recency bias
stede 1992
successful generation
generation one
small tasks
since noun
rhetorical level
data access
atlas dialogue
decisions taken
training since
hyponym relation
2000 test
knight scored
analogical translation
property rights
250 ms
political power
lemmatization procedure
used pattern
comprehensive treatment
pos level
eategorial grammar
generation markers
similar problem
top sentence
object v
classify named
approaches operate
logic compression
begin exploring
plausible candidate
consecutive discourse
repetitive material
average utterance
damaris ayuso
english onset
xml fragments
useful example
random strings
project one
occurs outside
statistics reflect
two items
traditional mt
entities including
reference line
order determination
eric thayer
time precedes
volume 28
elements per
language programming
final stem
standard task
frequency increases
korean parser
x man
ne peut
1 candidate
prior references
dna domain
conjoined entities
1the work
go node
definition extraction
sri lanka
parsed sentence
indexing rule
aa30 algorithm
board meeting
output analysis
hearer takes
emotional speech
differs across
literal context
interest rates
right correction
naturai language
structural level
provide appropriate
broad applicability
variable models
approach views
entities appear
ce layer
complex computations
tier rules
appropriate equivalent
multiple lines
sense tag
tall tale
utterances including
information null
multiple translation
english characters
pass obtained
single observation
correct lexicon
vowel phoneme
resulting logic
following dimensions
sparse network
extraction output
satisfy one
collaborative system
new sense
following entailment
job description
verb entry
maximal likelihood
noun modifiers
proceeds along
step requires
stack becomes
pass algorithm
corpus resource
sequential composition
compute co
method represents
learner profile
nodes within
lexical change
random branching
domain utterances
similar coverage
clear semantics
terse reply
specific hypothesis
distance measurement
extracted object
ne recognizer
hypothesized rules
questions whose
rst corpus
tipster annotations
multimodal expressions
though others
estimates derived
type oxy
terminological axioms
matrices using
4 bits
workshop held
development methods
semantic organization
percent significance
special interpretation
speakers using
tile testing
three teams
thus cannot
thus produce
filter reduces
rightmost son
subjective impression
performance criterion
parser input
explicit cues
uses special
czech translation
extension approach
clauses per
parameters would
annotation specification
applying svm
essential ideas
result would
sentence would
rst approach
cognitive processes
vpe resolution
several rule
model pruning
cube 2
sense among
quality measures
sense order
news stream
features separately
manual modifications
harry believed
character bi
linguistics corpus
surface constituency
extensive treatment
first discuss
past tense
different models
procedure terminates
pair appears
approach thus
priorean tense
relations linking
feature next
jim believes
also hope
regression analysis
humans process
decreasing number
syntactic transformations
g iff
immediately precede
uninflected forms
simple unigram
temporal expressions
generalization accuracy
cat paradigm
many multiword
category c1
tipster evaluations
higher phrase
method e
existing system
informativeness scores
recent information
assumption 1
yves schabes
anb n
system recognition
ou n
reference annotation
data fusion
low coherence
useless symbols
conjunct representation
uses centering
automatic derivation
annotator disagreement
order identification
id rule
stem cells
subsequential transducer
elementary transformations
model employed
key may
intelligent database
null domain
model bias
predefined features
line length
instead uses
greatest likelihood
single c
decision properties
hand pickup
gles de
ratified participants
predicate candidates
processing improves
total frequency
appropriate fashion
size limits
transductive inference
classifier scores
speech model
special function
chosen training
c type
functional sentence
4 application
recognizer using
organizing maps
ir score
computer language
extraction capabilities
model form
muc experience
direct influence
choose alt
pragmatics operations
proposed rules
enhancement advisor
last move
assigned labels
whose component
project using
different selection
alignment within
probability density
word graph
character corresponds
colmerauer 1978
assumes independence
man ate
languages belong
object node
chain consists
human professionals
quoted material
current history
represent content
coming year
management process
textual evidence
whose sentences
additional language
internet unique
rapid application
results form
leading non
cannot directly
base called
gruenstein et
novel language
probable translations
computational terminology
clausal argument
selective extension
2 levels
thematic segment
overall model
many cars
constituent edges
je system
fuzzy clustering
given paragraph
using tile
alternative candidates
sheer size
mother category
data directly
encoding identi
conference poster
associated costs
relations presented
nlp needs
written rule
user according
syntactic l
extract terms
tease apart
involves reference
boolean values
strict repetition
basic blocks
information selected
alignment distance
discrete variable
token whose
interpretation modules
unresolved issue
class descriptions
entire template
subordinating conjunctions
ii x
nxt search
state class
selon la
semantic specification
following point
cepstral parameters
dummy element
th 1
michael strube
dependent level
rate ranging
complex case
tagging problem
encounter words
another mention
chinese transliteration
interrogative questions
modifier must
two styles
doctoral dissertation
generating translation
dictionary component
utterance 11
wc call
compilation method
popped edges
ordered pair
database created
bigram constraints
system via
enough detail
specific concerns
similar features
example showing
synonymous word
multiple individuals
transcript factor
parsing approaches
process comprises
affected object
simple sequences
scale nlp
linear programs
relay b24
a10 a6
form complex
one taking
optimal phrase
spontaneous telephone
multiple people
example ii
official darpa
manner nocoll
one dictionary
centered entity
sentence jm
drink coffee
multivariate data
various statistics
al 1987
also respect
relevant cases
multiple referents
2 bytes
words denoting
larger contexts
approaches represent
proposed referent
entry includes
tremendous amount
varying difficulty
lhis paper
best classifiers
description grammar
abstraction hierarchy
ldm discourse
achieves 62
independent sources
string ai
end tag
example 19
trees contain
internet chat
12 n
existing words
restricted nature
plausible ones
performance given
alphabet languages
using integer
another interface
tasks must
tonal analysis
syntactic complement
source article
intended propositions
two taggers
formed parts
longest n
heterogeneous corpus
slot 11
new predication
stack structures
ident relation
lexical process
means obvious
word deletion
strong tradition
given entry
appropriate proposition
across studies
languages usually
new transitions
language half
shows different
avoid certain
manual mapping
providing data
first applies
future efforts
separate representation
computational lexicology
5 evaluates
unknown objects
stochastic tag
detect cases
every change
better model
directly estimate
mapping structures
term whose
general solutions
appendix b
tags seem
wellmont theater
used context
particular keyword
lookup tables
dataset 2
direct relevance
conceptual networks
highest value
process involving
something llke
sections illustrate
separate mechanism
principles guiding
chunk categories
complex argument
piggy bank
correctly capture
wordnet semcor
incomplete coverage
home runs
talp system
pearson p
input mechanism
template generatio
type category
binary random
includes keyword
developed algorithms
continuous action
internal temporal
v may
actions specified
small benefit
theoretical analysis
performs two
coref id
metric values
inference program
broader coverage
mentioned proper
outer parts
direct arguments
selection scheme
analyze text
double precision
static concepts
sound methods
stage consists
current hand
representative rule
human learning
hoc queries
inequality models
matched template
pattern templates
major role
major obstacles
parser program
voyager spoken
parallelism preference
ambiguous type
phrases refer
weighted cfg
information deemed
boundary classification
arbitrary amounts
morph dictionary
points one
left portion
linguistic judgments
rapport aux
make reasonable
shared information
order differences
ssvm ensemble
give precedence
dialog history
reject certain
many analysts
probabilistic lexical
text field
like topic
moves left
signi cantly
byblos speech
syntactic notions
copy environment
processes also
morphological links
complementation pattern
genia v1
le passe
heavily relies
modeling errors
grammar automatically
trec8 qa
paris scientific
imitation games
domain relation
8 categories
sensitive text
sur le
english parallel
eca corpus
driven acquisition
new ways
parameter spaces
lexical matching
closed tracks
schema defines
beliefs might
madame bovary
argument classifier
merge operation
parser need
ontology classes
oov words
system implemented
uchimoto et
rule bases
separate matter
long dependencies
past events
sports taiwan
grammatical restrictions
occurrence window
nist speech
allow feature
nouns according
knowledge presented
general questions
parser takes
interesting facts
promotion grammar
example serves
simple preference
optimal clustering
academic community
processes running
model adds
performs even
memory processes
applied work
much freer
method incorporates
inappropriate translations
two type
demodified term
detected collocations
examples fl
recognition system
method described
portuguese corpus
among interpretations
entity classification
treat different
enumerating rules
ratio l
transitions involving
syntactic counts
annotated sentences
semantic actants
runs roughly
understandable form
category list
rental system
basic sentence
processes involved
people whose
certain kinds
e output
el must
greatly ease
lp noun
adjacency constraints
une fa
producing scores
december 1984
descriptions given
subset v
using kanji
scale machine
x ccm
moore et
cognitive domain
great success
lower inter
constraint 4
learning dependency
one meaning
translation modeling
alternate hand
additional relation
ordering patterns
weighted deductive
pattern instances
although feature
frequency names
data including
day 3
utmost importance
experiments reveal
generalization technique
disjunctive information
additional penalty
beam ratio
train using
substitution would
labelling errors
escape local
identify corresponding
resulting hierarchy
requiring changes
serious disadvantage
channel models
immediate application
deductive approach
file 9
algorithm focuses
test part
random value
involves merging
maintaining knowledge
types filtered
clauses yields
joint intention
white ones
following desiderata
newspaper genre
cassette cover
textual order
less prone
syntagmatic lfs
specific parse
fragment answers
characters occur
simple assumption
major hurdle
principled disambiguation
bad parses
correlation bias
markup scheme
preceding step
use selectional
acquisition process
contains 18
unit reduction
packed f
showtime information
potential shortcoming
tree except
disjunctive alternatives
phrasal patterns
error diagnosis
future reference
base includes
common classes
structural translation
unrestricted non
unmatched template
stem candidate
similar structural
critical event
two rates
information thus
valuable insight
total utterance
latter ones
since agents
basic learning
lingual relations
small sentence
knowledge requires
two update
mslr parser
mass function
state syntactic
phasal expression
n takes
a10 a23
copyright restrictions
noun without
material implication
twenty hours
information inherited
mcdonald 2006
avoid inconsistencies
temporal intervals
symbol representing
edge must
introduces ambiguity
judge would
modi er
reconstruction engine
e x
trec participants
contain terms
two machines
tighter integration
show exactly
structure using
leacock et
primary term
match type
dynamic quantifier
interesting problems
one crucial
attitudinal disjuncts
construct discourse
global accommodation
programme language
cumulative results
final textual
general vicinity
answer phrase
result rule
dp algorithm
form two
children learn
sentence rule
annotations corresponding
user profile
km system
various features
models lead
basic aim
type number
ko element
powerful algorithms
framework facilitates
several stages
contributing information
superficial features
interactive problem
constrained task
corresponding key
policy pairs
also grows
sequence consists
schema indicates
n discourse
explanatory models
translated word
avoiding redundancy
a1 b
disk files
word appearing
basic temporal
unlabeled occurrences
plant parts
linear rate
word verb
complex lexicon
tutoring condition
main level
nodes specified
constraint network
general coverage
rough estimation
minimum residue
les operations
role could
collocation pattern
bien stir
available software
per graph
resource demands
successfully captures
positive quantifier
decade ago
age group
nik safiah
multiword phrases
approach presents
clue correlation
equivalence relation
best ranking
tag type
true probabilities
problem immediately
supervised disambiguation
corpora show
b deg
syntactic synthesis
use generic
introduced entity
correct handling
habitual reading
real scale
tdfs framework
grinding rule
uses similarity
text cohesion
transformational rules
branching point
detailed picture
extract meaningful
conditioning feature
conventional form
honorific suffix
articles written
probability derived
action plans
grounding style
contains 5
song keisan
output one
national language
row b
patent specifications
arbitrary way
direct modification
though note
methods applied
database objects
components used
paradigmatic associations
preliminary tests
another respect
appropriate name
rp np
lm scores
modifiers using
help narrow
pair level
system demonstrated
new tv
present theory
geographical area
6000 words
types without
l iff
hownet knowledge
audio input
misspelled queries
48 kbyte
naval ocean
tank leaked
second pronoun
rate reported
weighted factoid
simple facts
woc feature
humanities computing
pp constituent
data problems
grammar gt
constraint expression
theoretical foundations
senonic baseform
search efficiency
containing information
lines denote
5 scale
underlying application
1 entity
sentence carries
certain nombre
reduplication constructions
new extraction
anaphoric devices
systems address
noun classification
arabic news
analogous space
downstream system
give orders
syntactic discriminators
language module
levinger et
given space
best wordnet
classification rates
propagate back
stream communication
arbitrary constraints
help produce
four directions
structures output
semitic root
following primary
annotating examples
parser finds
four muc
la fagon
marked verbs
one tie
also cannot
symbols called
constraints posed
minipar b
marked tense
word vectors
ace program
dominating term
current mental
phrase entities
algorithms also
est ainsi
patr system
idiomatic use
guided tours
input raw
categorization model
discourse signaling
one order
late afternoon
bootstrapping framework
nestedness constraint
multilingual application
fsa accepts
state probability
ideas introduced
object case
extension must
correct rule
authors provide
applies one
present purposes
active user
speech recognizer
cepstral vectors
constituent without
grams using
relation classifiers
event node
concrete morphemes
japanese learner
man yesterday
storage capacity
cnf scfg
neighboring phrases
successful application
universal noun
nelson et
linear alignment
formalism supports
6 text
terminal tensor
checking consistency
ir engine
nominative cases
xml structure
v delivers
dependent translation
proposed annotation
text fields
list construction
il expression
sort definitions
robust reference
right channel
overlap ambiguity
classical definition
terms w
j ect
status v
scheduling program
different alignments
analyzed result
grammar project
gro spurte
inkpen et
stem changes
studies comparing
linc lab
language authoring
two boolean
linguistics must
precise language
intervening constituents
coreferential pronoun
type provided
receptor activity
multiple values
le segment
strong rule
extracted argument
select documents
international journal
main assumptions
gives statistics
modules use
semantic feedback
coverage even
certain attributes
juman lexicon
modality nodes
imperative forms
b 1
kanji compound
structural boundary
english speakers
one modifier
new theory
corpus means
appropriate functions
possible corrections
word history
interface may
algorithms across
oriented description
enriched context
feature path
relations could
verbal part
used commands
document contents
tables contain
acl 2005
precise relationship
em break
random set
lingual corpus
table output
learned weights
constraint propagation
automatic ie
pragmatic expectations
processing components
tree adjunct
apple juice
irrelevant rules
deterministic inference
unmarked way
interesting cases
select two
dialogue coherence
sets v
projects using
relevant terms
explicit definition
wi 11
principled manner
general features
object g
phrasal concepts
people daily
network training
discussions regarding
five passes
null tically
restriction must
term discourse
promising application
christopher wren
ambiguous reference
lingual approach
system contributes
proper level
fifteen words
corpus extracted
novelty detection
rule based
student text
test dataset
latter form
les noeuds
probability within
computer models
examiner according
weighting formula
filler model
axioms specifying
extraposed constituents
appropriate generalization
shift interpretation
way makes
major approaches
document classification
right brother
speci cation
complete forest
answer might
achieve q
options de
system tm
parameterized types
input matches
short names
interest profile
using vt
text pre
available feature
linear second
systems able
studies described
available examples
modifier phrases
several edges
2 problems
automatic result
additional models
drawn randomly
transactional goals
relative entropy
programming problems
many tokens
domain selection
vertical bars
likelihood alignment
resulting noun
implicit training
find patterns
inductive approach
whole input
become necessary
new head
activation threshold
unknown origin
clause processing
relevant fact
techniques based
tensor node
smith likes
goal requires
telephone calls
phenomena involving
june 1994
form appropriate
travel reservations
domain semantic
children went
buitelaar et
sophisticated knowledge
five tasks
email address
appropriate prosodic
next definition
standard top
comprehensive introduction
grammar types
tm systems
later rule
supports four
speech chain
lm edw
mutual translation
traditional sentence
standard features
dynamic n
best choice
known rule
referring function
hierarchical learning
six texts
different choices
category values
earliest flight
analysis identified
representational level
grammar techniques
4 show
analyze data
de connaissance
literal information
vary slightly
second constituent
unedited english
ihnen die
defined kernels
predicate names
exploiting information
save storage
models improves
good strategy
site reports
target node
parent step
phonological material
modifies another
20 runs
tools supporting
pages 85
terminological database
particular situations
corpus evaluation
stochastic parsing
24 sentences
voice communications
korean words
trec 8
nominal expression
language specification
modern linguistics
following data
reuters task
articles rather
set membership
split points
football team
away fl
appropriate direction
right symbol
adequate referring
dtd fragments
problem tackled
diff6rence de
information apart
inference net
cantly improves
le ha
seed grammar
error modeling
web information
unspecified values
lt xml
every book
two subsections
typeof explosive
given equivalence
scopal resolution
obligatory adjunction
reference segmentation
service reports
chart construction
whose predicate
a104 a2
driven models
main causes
optimal version
slot data
included word
order would
later reuse
transfer result
larger grammar
symbols f
words divided
name end
difficulty caused
verbal morphology
domain may
alternative names
uses automatically
relation associated
semantic nets
analysis carried
creates expectations
make parameter
important limitation
transition following
sensitive data
turn outscopes
directional word
following combinations
phrase pattern
tree still
semantics driven
synthesis program
two planes
lexical structure
orientation a10
examples contained
different quantifier
cascaded ellipsis
original base
including domain
application task
shallow learning
owl ontology
tripartite model
linguistic accounts
become larger
domains within
ranking results
unsupervised segmentation
unique questions
provides mechanisms
example follows
reasoning paradigm
weighted relations
experiment indicated
semantic label
two semi
identity element
vectors together
pour tousles
indicative summaries
customer support
still presents
expression pair
miscommunication problems
onto words
user controlled
vowel token
high sl
summary length
different subjects
figure 7a
frame size
information derivable
randomization test
substitution rule
computer may
90 minute
discovers word
multimedia communications
sgml template
new house
idf ranking
possible dimensions
traffic controller
says nothing
existing approaches
multinomial naive
translations made
context dependence
order linguistic
never sees
driven selection
system switches
provide language
relative measure
two message
translation studies
bank data
summary describes
curriculum vitae
centering algorithms
eliminate noise
65 words
repair onset
individual names
thus form
2b shows
algorithm turns
command name
possible reasons
dimensional schemes
cover term
capability provided
rate becomes
serious performance
tug sign
semantic construction
average processing
topic coverage
larger unit
pattern occurs
symbolic description
care whether
open tasks
book online
hirschman 1998
antecedent clause
identify cue
per verb
uses plan
equivalent expressions
related phenomena
prediction value
functions described
field data
cluster whose
obvious cases
3 parameters
category ci
entries created
null get
valuable resource
segmentation technique
conceptual structures
whole np
short units
promised mary
input part
sanity checks
downward inheritance
representation offers
social life
drawing conclusions
c5 0
assign multiple
multiple frames
length 30
undergraduate degree
anaphoric traces
nonculminated event
romanized transcription
suggested relation
st john
providing help
explanation facilities
classifier described
features provided
vp a0
formed word
dependent list
exposition node
verb could
training sections
good smoothing
following reference
using section
dependency based
prepare data
items used
using fuzzy
internal structuring
particular interpretation
native languages
control process
text base
function verbs
zhe yang
use gibbs
level pos
case 5
cooperation manager
effective user
least time
theorem shows
default else
applications systems
precise relation
2 cases
example f
bilingual valency
contains infinitely
elements required
approximate search
meaning poles
interesting range
rough shift
two parents
acoustic observation
sdl compiler
feature list
fixed strings
different agent
parse tables
networks based
unique constants
readable summaries
top graph
occurrence constraints
ideal figure
event occurrences
containing x
example definition
un tout
vector representation
main lines
model state
grammatical choice
past discourse
frame within
messages collected
enforce consistency
inferences need
main translation
line calendar
represent contextual
particular path
specific formats
name detection
different gender
question domain
ne r
following queries
representation structures
kong polytechnic
stem form
finer categories
direct proof
like way
alternation criteria
lenient measure
hand generated
label node
irregular paradigms
academic texts
candidate topics
news archives
unit j
highest percentage
environmental impact
50 candidates
700 mhz
smaller one
correct non
scope prediction
verification module
structured documents
verbs following
entre l
classification according
missing axiom
learning occurs
multiple classes
clustering task
adequate word
peak occurs
node structures
related methods
knowledge rel
temporary storage
adjunct information
representations offer
nsl tools
phoenix approach
termination problems
answer indexer
semantic associations
multivariate linear
reinforce one
att system
words automatically
significant loss
23 classes
word systems
vers le
entry provides
first converts
ship arrived
test trees
pourpre scores
contrastive focus
pair translation
default alignments
outside nes
sublanguage grammar
charles wayne
attaching prepositions
disambiguate among
e lt
bill thinks
recognition levels
translation project
operations need
lambda variables
semantics r
n w
advice provided
tree derived
mathematical relations
miles osborne
2003 question
crucial part
object properties
useful advice
v agent
integration environment
strong non
referent found
left noun
extraction literature
access mechanism
annotated pairs
null machine
affective content
perform consistently
conj x
stricter measure
without iteration
specialised domain
two generators
logical emphasis
character indexing
evaluation cycle
cannot perform
nodes occurring
many relations
size depends
pronoun plays
raychaudhuri et
define discourse
epsilon moves
tree b
extracted descriptions
center san
sx estimate
use tags
feature struc
synchronous cfg
two communities
counts f
used information
estimated parameters
industry information
borrowing language
network tra
techniques de
analyzed results
yield better
compound lexical
idil query
vp grammar
associated preposition
fundamental hypothesis
spoken rather
see reinhart
perfectly match
phrase requires
individual units
since default
significant correlation
argument cc
biological text
n elements
overall cross
specific way
level means
topic features
bounded determiners
bar 1
speakers show
truth status
template splitting
detailed results
lower word
example sets
ux subsystem
medium term
chinese government
dimension denoting
list contained
collection described
processor developed
topic also
frequent tasks
translate technical
speaker normalization
argument 1
node directory
rule identifier
concepts contained
initial pos
latest release
language p
test indications
word search
wsme model
context fi
operational procedures
speech distribution
1 positions
stem trees
desired text
hoc fashion
abbreviated notation
case associated
clause within
neighbor classifier
noun plausibility
li jiao
segmental string
belief systems
maxent modeling
potential trigger
bien entendu
n ranges
object descriptions
current accuracy
clustering decisions
real errors
engine would
functional graph
optional conditions
signal representation
since computers
looking bottom
authored text
explicative pronouns
appelo et
e closure
6 data
current incarnation
truth functions
specific article
modal interaction
practical method
discriminative method
cohesion measure
consecutive steps
inflection form
character samples
canonical form
a21 a11a7
also changes
token w
temporal structures
different n
connected graph
overall distribution
pereira 1999
synsem value
indicate possible
process text
ntt thesaurus
affirmative answer
human rating
translation types
signs like
specific inferences
validate candidate
existing software
enough parallel
individual contributions
identify clusters
default choices
sentence generates
meeting browsing
cyclic function
automatic results
tactile activities
pressing problem
picture generation
descriptive level
evolutionary algorithm
final contours
banfield 1982
necessary tools
track runs
coreference classifier
psychological studies
including ones
morphological knowledge
reference generation
become commonplace
task since
phrase context
kirkpatrick et
similar goals
source utterance
larger dictionaries
discriminative learning
approaches make
also belong
ranked retrieval
particular individuals
actual documents
interactive activation
bridge agent
act label
proper translation
5 errors
space constraint
generated f
scio quam
unique features
locative sg
messages among
associated translation
link connects
lower curve
discusses ways
proper path
work uses
extracts key
formalism allows
linguistic analyzer
complex textual
dtw paths
epstein et
left half
possible text
ont un
phrases according
strings obtained
lexical extension
unspecified object
recognition approaches
act fl
semantics used
method parses
feature aggregation
context switching
inferences like
method clearly
short phrase
first applicability
level evaluation
following metarule
pronunciation optimization
student data
new brunswick
stw conversion
numbers presented
errors fall
variables c
logical formulas
message set
sense ambiguities
telle qu
knowledge available
dialogue units
r v
system log
useless items
two procedures
independent dictionary
functio n
conjugated forms
calo project
entropy h
two oil
alors que
successive utterances
sample points
chinese penn
clusters corresponding
system ts
fo values
individual intentions
identifying words
global beam
v n
frames listed
rough translation
charge time
8 th
later stages
gold mine
markov dependency
time could
like fig
node pointers
achieve robust
class distinctions
symbolic language
compute information
natural means
three bits
character components
figurative meanings
probability lower
interesting fact
transduction models
kupiec 1993
vanderwende et
term w
major developments
pos kernel
distributional approaches
organizing map
causal chains
model uses
little rock
text 1
head position
another domain
presentation specifications
umls knowledge
times throughout
transfer results
bad things
recognize word
feedback mechanisms
rules say
give incorrect
canonical trees
cosine similarities
mapping method
phrases match
neighboring sentences
virtual photos
predicate phrase
growth points
different constituents
japanese function
conclusion sentences
infinitive vp
parse chinese
another deficiency
scenario decomposition
operations like
indexical lfs
adequately model
particular list
histogram methods
translation lattice
best test
candidate suffixes
individual reading
nobata et
events must
like ross
constraints whose
modeling problem
sense corresponds
provide summaries
euclidean distance
markers show
get tile
temporal exi
node encountered
declarative point
uses techniques
relaxed unification
recursive definitions
experiencing event
crossing branches
subsequent text
prediction system
specific lexica
never exceeds
set combination
glass manufacturers
task affects
3 verb
matching type
related topics
appropriate destination
yin gan
bei mir
highest levels
good sample
text material
class mutual
document repository
order rule
many binary
resolves conflicts
ontological promiscuity
another candidate
program documentation
preposition ambiguities
causal relationships
domain proposition
extra constraints
major factors
many corpus
improve extraction
evidence shows
hypothesized segmentation
improvement results
gigaword corpora
five sentence
object consists
distinct dialogue
terminal symbol
systems due
certain goal
sentences exemplifying
two advantages
answer term
complex refo
distinct roles
scale defined
directed association
alternative phrase
feature appropriateness
hypertext navigation
large differences
conditional equivalences
apparent counterexamples
second position
parameter description
teaching program
grammar arc
agent knows
2 tagger
logic translations
since elixir
specific xml
large segments
short range
independent evidence
contain word
dictionary covers
information bottleneck
demands placed
ifa word
psycholinguistic work
pair list
allwood et
window method
354 verbs
produce compounds
algorithm executes
two operations
distinguished verb
recall oriented
ie experiments
jiang hu
also conveys
approaches either
next thursday
specific constraint
level value
linear dependents
properties may
common phonetic
bounded defect
general regular
two subcorpora
cost 1
parsers available
count 0
language profiles
denote general
made reference
trees containing
translators must
constant help
head x
require parallel
default agent
participants perform
first point
experimental studies
japan entitled
wahlster 1993
labelling problem
multiclass naive
feature values
matching rates
query environment
record field
processing loads
english grammar
subjectless sentences
document content
agent acts
akaike information
knowledge information
vp attachment
include parts
computational advantages
mother f
mean like
database attribute
r score
word weight
determined features
length 20
generate many
single l
ace annotation
adequate model
help choose
study illustrates
unlabeled recall
preposition interpretation
know enough
even sentences
elements following
lfg analyses
250 times
paper assumes
turney et
individual phrase
disease caused
senonic baseforms
syllable canon
constraints apply
good parse
relational learning
np network
continue transitions
generate words
core knowledge
dative complement
move one
computing values
preprocessing stage
research ltd
tests indicate
broad semantic
variables allows
kernel outperforms
central location
antecedent search
common lexicon
existing feature
point accuracy
extract similar
ner task
clustering solutions
relative use
josef och
correction component
teaching tool
lindblom 1986
secondary label
algorithm assigns
r node
syntactic node
scoping weight
cgs system
formula without
question usually
forbes et
field testing
gram words
random access
relation actually
words exist
typing rules
relation detection
pitch features
a17 a36
clearly distinguishes
following settings
memory entity
adaptive text
element el
task data
conventional approach
respective categories
dependency word
total processing
representation theories
one bilingual
translation schemata
tile wall
standard regular
language characteristics
morphological clues
allowable transformation
maximum probability
different hypothesis
interesting issues
many proper
outer narration
elementary node
compute expected
prosodic parameters
classifier training
substantial progress
basu et
modules shown
den wagen
english unit
accepted way
respective trees
based entry
de traduire
nl technology
independent meaning
entity transition
turn requires
prior utterance
phonemic representation
unambiguous requests
final vertex
trained phrase
pos classes
given control
greatest increase
seen cases
category pair
launch vehicles
sort proposed
merely shows
trees cannot
32 sentences
saturday night
transparent syntax
several sub
automatic analyzers
recent literature
multext tools
open sentence
synchronous productions
coordinated expressions
considered features
arbitrary subset
tasks mentioned
2 terms
fixed value
relations output
filter 1
naming conventions
msa translation
single complement
annotators used
lenient antecedents
formalism appears
becomes completely
words types
information hidden
model conditions
purpose speech
concept definitions
disambiguation would
pour se
modality data
normal phrase
every extension
particular details
sets g
vertical markovization
model simulates
sample contained
efficiently search
tag operations
graduate program
information characterization
boolean expressivity
two preconditions
coding process
obvious fact
preference method
recursion semantics
grammatical test
et plus
classification operations
means method
excessive segmentation
index tables
romanji name
cannot locate
utterance may
binary tasks
input cfg
lexical discrimination
statistical dictionary
percent sign
fourth term
two boxcars
literature include
word triggers
explicitly record
satisfy user
additional choices
paper tape
various goals
phrase receives
associated list
primary question
intermediate value
like standard
constraints affect
various confidence
different scopes
theoretical notion
category identification
hard constraints
multidimensional analysis
hierarchical structuring
relation underlying
individual relations
slot labels
tags according
two turns
morphology alone
modality combinations
1300 messages
simulation systems
deictic uses
utterances referring
perceptron method
personalized search
ni naru
letter symbols
2 fact
many substrings
candidate feature
reasonable representation
candidate examples
accept p
semantic siblings
large increase
ultimate model
perform part
realistic goal
number goes
phonetic forms
engine google
process utterances
trec qrels
provide models
discourse sequence
data issues
un intervalle
document describing
computation costs
underlying distributions
rule example
examples acquired
simplified fragment
poisson mixtures
nodes located
normalisation factor
meaning game
improving document
recursive np
lexical verbs
1 corresponding
work developing
semantic codes
previous interactions
certain fraction
promising ways
end product
thematic domain
level processor
subordination constraint
e ask
structures implicitly
program capable
retrieval evaluation
reduce computation
precision figure
allows also
scoring sequence
colored blocks
boost performance
parameter tuning
100 questions
different graphemes
technical dictionary
unexpected dialogue
program fsgmatch
expansion may
experiment 7
document management
perceptron learning
connector eight
head patterns
optimal tradeoff
ontology engineer
italian parallel
common stem
tree describes
lexicon currently
relevant word
two objections
hansards task
support nlp
front vowel
third query
tagging methods
tracking algorithms
also removes
discrepancies among
contradictory pairwise
model translations
comparison experiment
precondition reasoning
discourse strategies
asymptotic complexity
verbal reading
character ontology
anonymous referee
devillers et
related software
give clues
complex slots
error types
line planning
new step
analyses described
conflicting rules
corresponding tree
interface functions
id schema
surface subsequences
three dialogue
efficiency without
following sections
rule similar
statistical evidence
three roles
datalog clauses
metrics based
scoring strategies
extracted phrasal
measures could
less knowledge
suffix pairs
positional ngrams
spectral information
experiment iii
mal parse
field labels
termoid identifiers
certain topic
a28 a7
highest preference
express similar
inference steps
weight matrices
cambridge computer
pp vs
e done
constituent k
adding constraints
strict layer
better portability
one subgoal
one terminal
theoretic measures
official name
type includes
level set
automatically sense
structural account
overall document
unambiguous token
terms t1
autonomous mode
end function
frequency based
domain agent
determiner like
days ago
reports experimental
people outside
third error
accurate pronunciation
wh traces
define w
data collection
instance name
independent nature
pairwise coreference
analogy conversational
policy iteration
separate units
english senses
speech r
linguistic technologies
formal means
whether non
focus relation
area covered
different cost
longer inputs
preliminary classification
multiple case
sono hon
techniques similar
obligatory rules
unit agreement
reliable basis
typically correspond
cannot serve
several institutions
independent existentials
english triple
bruder et
following linear
following simple
like frequency
one algorithm
quality speech
person 1
alif maqsura
among verb
using focus
law applies
labeling method
pi rules
action instance
word categorization
look something
sentences fall
tools needed
lexical chainer
server provides
qua non
role representations
integer k
keyword extraction
make decisions
two chunks
discourse incoherence
rules may
nonmonotonic sorts
pronominal anaphora
spoken query
arbre se
box shows
35 x
argument tuples
baseline representation
approach like
characters cannot
add robustness
bilingual applications
raise questions
spelling patterns
following kind
chart cell
collocation information
increasing attention
rules first
worth emphasizing
acronym recognition
mutation rate
search via
particular values
previous token
intersective sets
typical web
curve experiments
program identified
constraints coming
rhetorical zones
data presentation
model creates
syntactical unit
way automaton
order non
learning process
minimum description
darpa timit
sentential forms
null tation
december 1998
optimisation techniques
parameters estimated
clir applications
inform speech
ng et
expression would
argument classification
pattern matching
interpretation scheme
linear transformation
relation test
general goals
classifier predicts
verb position
textual interpretation
rapid adaptation
schubert 1986
supports incremental
acts described
train every
value like
15 frames
frame groups
ordering module
possible data
previous work
determine discourse
successful extraction
certain window
educated adult
n steps
supervised clustering
feature classes
consumption condition
flexible interface
see calzolari
relative costs
english dictionaries
frequency term
level system
general linking
dual pentium
following equivalent
planner builds
readings may
text without
empirical support
fixed set
last link
support multi
input tokens
property means
word triples
subsequent efforts
include instructions
goldensohn et
algorithm becomes
entities linked
languages defined
middle frequency
best derivation
different facets
message role
multiple argument
early efforts
message understanding
ehara et
assumption 3
strategy represents
grammar representation
probability threshold
standard pattern
several disadvantages
syntactic encodings
yield similar
lower scoring
four f
concerns information
either nouns
confidence values
unix shell
system applies
consider discourse
les structures
underlying theory
separate stage
organizing structure
contains general
central news
sentences simultaneously
spicy food
tax law
formal evaluation
representation already
boros et
literal string
algorithm due
ranked output
data tfss
appropriate explanation
possible combinations
classical categorial
input stage
give feedback
million syllables
intermediate set
approaches appear
word stock
constraint simply
entries automatically
author identification
short messages
path labeled
dialogue might
mailing lists
numbers could
natural set
briefly summarizes
selected content
two bunsetsu
problems involve
14 classes
de points
take figure
initial set
phrase constituent
regular pattern
node already
support machine
matches using
node blocks
subject agreement
textual function
test corpus
details may
problems make
speech database
room reservation
global reduction
various government
info annotation
dependency model
subset consists
10 hypotheses
te tasks
actual response
x whose
concepts acquired
remaining fold
feedback module
physical task
appropriate location
subsequent data
semantics probabilities
following address
particular thematic
derived features
15 classes
maps elements
corresponding meaning
integration problem
including multi
explanation generators
jackknifing procedure
contains verb
pp attached
complete chart
les actions
test approach
introduce constraints
stores information
large finite
second participant
related feature
paper submitted
future plans
related examples
recursively invoke
markable identification
popular method
causal rel
terms specific
coding book
final condition
following chomsky
wrap around
trigram estimates
3 systems
minimal connected
achieve robustness
slope angle
overall database
louise guthrie
relevant event
structure depends
matrix predicate
g h
tables containing
following fashion
making reference
free nature
progressive form
wider context
arrows indicating
block b
writing language
speaker never
principled approach
penalizes systems
john married
ef cient
structural correspondences
evaluate results
concept tags
word block
th 3
atr decision
form whose
seven words
previous years
event consists
weighted automaton
tlink module
also multi
1 believe
basic verb
external sources
including machine
using graphs
information need
single file
evaluation performance
final network
features encodes
clustering also
stochastic phase
event recall
short version
points 1
upper panel
elaborate techniques
process queries
right adjuncts
linguistics component
class rather
formal notations
free order
reliable agreement
complex formulas
information takes
obligatory slot
adjective set
pages 209
shorter text
finite clause
digital computer
comparable texts
third category
function takes
sound patterns
combined performance
ii 2
identifying sequences
rate reductions
errors occur
sensitive fashion
corinna system
description part
cut links
short descriptive
900 sentences
margin method
tbr example
based methods
lexical events
goto 2
hence need
identifying related
synchronous corpus
framework differs
surface sentence
spelled names
level words
model clusters
100 top
row presents
one attempts
spy plane
idea seems
gaussian mixtures
paragraph markers
users must
100 features
statistical nature
linguistics students
user interacting
two intervals
features includes
proper values
four sets
cyclic grammars
semantics captures
last issue
xml input
prefix part
latter uses
based paraphrasing
current affiliation
bilingual sprouting
korean newspaper
one interpretation
topical segments
un analyseur
every syllable
high proportion
rarely use
intuitive analysis
recipient design
labor required
flying planes
one product
european mt
restriction component
considerable resources
briefly reviewed
possible queries
phase approach
high emphasis
vectors according
top systems
doubled consonants
pairwise consistency
margin learning
central concept
lm training
hypertext document
unification takes
two networks
50 units
hypotactic relations
earlier phases
final expression
techniques trained
semsyn generation
evaluation tests
separate phrase
occur frequently
cloze items
7 corpus
acquired overture
thank martin
stages translation
n smoothing
nodes np
associating word
productive phenomena
subsequent projects
charniak 1999
adaptive data
conference proceedings
r case
successive models
forward combination
frames might
alembic text
completed work
example 9
compositional translation
concept mapping
new distance
another entity
ending point
samples used
chinese information
current point
preference ranking
large company
certain root
remaining examples
transformations include
need statements
speech filter
class 4
particular frames
first efforts
cascaded decoding
retrieval set
facilitate browsing
tree rewriting
special command
ngai et
encodings 2
nonfinal state
constraint checks
generative reasoning
tree groups
wysiwym systems
information became
events considered
recurrent plausibility
performance accuracy
see marcu
focus region
discussing future
singular objects
independent observations
key innovations
specific subclasses
null sions
node nprime
corresponding tag
like dependency
programming assignments
values may
potential word
processing group
combiner training
level syntax
ones involving
scoring decisions
need criteria
performs surprisingly
la premiere
amerique centrale
given output
su 2002
parser deals
ai planners
one function
focus models
irregular polysemy
computers learn
generalised phrase
unification variable
6 nouns
theory cannot
verb formation
selected k
net ph
3 development
full interpretation
descriptor selection
kolmogorov complexity
universal characteristics
subsequent queries
semantic concordance
build structures
additional constituents
technical vocabulary
detailed description
reflect differences
called seed
compiled form
greater weight
adjunct string
processes could
align two
idiomatic translation
novel strategy
complement translation
expressions containing
verb patterns
built resources
stems like
initial study
thesaurus construction
maximum window
test files
cognitive semantics
a121 a24
used bleu
logical expression
understanding project
specific subset
compatibility method
certainty ratings
r g
11 questions
polar cap
abstract structures
linguistic description
va decision
first data
field notes
time position
phrase information
valid conceptual
judged ill
tagger applied
express propositions
persist across
rank systems
argument notation
local dictionary
phrase token
full path
intermediate words
foot node
particular classes
feature pair
equivalent structures
sized training
swedish grammar
relation table
subsets according
show considerable
ranked patterns
entropy problem
system replies
norm sondheimer
manages john
methods require
noun refers
e organization
muc named
objects introduced
facilitate cross
translation track
focus selection
assignment component
one displayed
relaxing constraints
flattening process
example sequence
lexical optimization
context parser
contextual elements
common rule
causal interactions
gram sequences
c becomes
raises en
ce groupe
revisions made
coherent chunks
wsd algorithms
used string
indefinite adjectives
rules mainly
distinctions needed
decision network
retrieval system
short term
literal readings
lfg f
q e
linux system
alternative based
long version
specific gene
strong condition
methods evaluate
translation outputs
ensure coverage
business class
guangdong hongyuan
see hayes
homorganic nasal
alignment obtained
interesting word
estimated search
abstract actions
knowledge representations
spoken directions
fire department
automatic description
processing field
multiple properties
opaque argument
ones introduced
annotated corpora
foundation upon
using bigrams
modern speech
items occur
half along
extract morphemes
german examples
thus uses
standard context
set e
input starts
structural metadata
disagreements among
realize operator
resnik 1999
model associates
information like
actual description
feature identification
real problem
function like
ideal estimation
labels a0
edges would
gram approaches
verb representations
improved efficiency
mouse operations
template relation
proof normalisation
test uses
particular frame
main algorithms
output 1
reduce parser
kprime k
genre variation
billion yen
analyzer attempts
appropriate restrictions
sentences seen
separate clustering
input sequent
5m words
lexical input
tile actual
dialogue issues
e tecnologica
using plain
predicate term
request expression
query problem
sentences 40
see eva
name search
crammer et
total length
regular context
strong conditioning
rational action
nuclear accents
incorrect reference
b k
features shared
provides feedback
lenhart k
unigram matching
dissimilarity matrix
conceptual interpretations
different basic
limited applicability
decreasing quantifiers
linguistic constructions
different story
mathematical texts
black sea
latent relational
local evidence
parser runs
words never
grouping methods
level understanding
main node
big words
help author
32 pairs
empty edge
value elements
verbal behavior
occur outside
morphological tables
strategy described
focus may
mark arguments
denotes different
similarity relation
pass one
networks trained
nederhof experiments
debugging purposes
specified time
significantly increases
particular decision
understanding techniques
1989 kathleen
pages based
deeper insight
extends previous
next task
score display
les sous
property implies
corpus directly
acquisition bottleneck
annotation studies
fresh variable
request schema
final alignment
first reference
better fit
word independence
sentential antecedent
need training
multinuclear relations
encoding formats
transitive closure
probabilistic variables
agents involved
independent parsing
translation mechanism
associated frames
meaning variations
difierent languages
alias algorithm
read utterances
coefficient matrix
extraction exercise
syntax may
causal information
connection graphs
lig rule
year 1
prior density
utterance relates
2 de
grammars suggest
grammaires et
1300 texts
similar adjectives
specific instances
candidate split
syllable features
named president
lonesome dove
input might
dallas fort
integrated tools
supervised version
strongly supports
assign two
noun plane
boundary insertion
quantitative data
specifications may
vietnamese texts
drawing tool
achieves 94
performance comparison
question answerer
take c
following maximization
respective corpus
month evaluation
tagger agreement
tagger operates
methodology could
editing function
section offers
linguistic layers
tense tags
theoretical adequacy
teams participated
positive way
generalization operations
language codes
fundamental way
slu model
paper outlines
consistency constraint
phase uses
noun c
definition vocabulary
main emotion
ae algorithm
often introduce
positions relative
windowdiff metric
pattern structure
subjectivity classification
thank james
another promising
another multi
cl v
existing parts
alternative segmentations
standard penn
small button
multiple wh
unit containing
rows 1
structure alone
spurious match
individual term
economic indicators
phrase mary
certainty degree
parsing word
otherwise correct
adjectives whose
syntactic zone
tim domain
soccer field
bias problem
derived lists
last subsection
simple additive
mt engine
air burst
howard correspondence
speakers select
restrictive patterns
variable amounts
semantic resource
system made
external boundaries
features largely
little search
pspl lattices
argument plausibility
discourse represented
laplacian eigenmaps
final query
generated parses
order plays
noun needs
adjunction grammar
segmentation according
property set
thematic categories
associated classes
inheritance conflicts
analogue representations
long term
nodes marked
machine power
structured language
move left
human life
serial port
dialogue based
rule chain
next decisions
jordan et
repair meta
solutions offered
transitions coming
correspond closely
grade uranium
formal system
hum surrogates
aligned block
another machine
typical forms
humans need
fundament field
weight different
axe also
vp containing
lattice containing
nwo priority
subtrees together
derivation suffix
simple word
control verbs
circular definition
nato science
intonation contour
conversational language
contain rare
gold reference
models reduces
possible relative
category would
several databases
four criteria
separate binary
punctuation within
elles ne
term goal
nsf via
algorithms could
cf languages
speaker sp
rule discussed
clear communication
generated sequence
constant functions
collection task
additional goal
conservative estimate
analysis according
tense mapping
data exchange
cannot guarantee
dcu 105
associated object
used juman
concept slot
framework provided
deferred sort
automatic tuning
input corpus
repetitious operator
underspecified feature
static scenes
annotation project
tile expectation
different amounts
brief note
future actions
grammar index
action concept
sentences contain
monotonically increases
given portion
efficient way
consider w
test conditions
types c
pioneering work
user tasks
equal size
features correspond
1 clusters
block length
center battle
mozart operas
segmentation match
inflectional processes
semantic computation
con guration
dependent case
anonymous acl
extraction ratio
associated score
emitting state
frank newman
large rule
validation run
usual prolog
based lexicons
lin 2001
define syntactic
appropriate concept
analyzed language
jan van
full list
builds k
set composed
without cpe
called default
humans interpret
train enquiry
algorithm generally
translations found
candidate patterns
est une
2 word
possible bracketings
coarse grain
represent situations
input side
real power
heidi fox
2nd level
generalize well
valid suffix
relative singularity
slot name
thus dependent
moulton st
certain constraints
form complete
rasch scaling
feature ordering
entity annotations
information net
overall reduction
rm database
natural candidates
allen 1983
group objects
particular pair
11 features
gene symbol
initial candidates
lexical archive
terrorist incidents
verb add
generating descriptions
reading speed
given representations
indexed documents
additional cost
cell carcinoma
features reflect
testing facilities
air development
management tool
target joint
action associated
temporal interpretations
representational object
include event
seven levels
l h
communication modes
vp cannot
parse graphs
positions may
guiding parser
problems appear
second branch
preterminal label
different families
b 3
residual ambiguity
systems vary
important aspect
almost doubles
rule determines
practical test
electronic versions
word nodes
every input
split strings
knowledge attached
heuristic rules
constituent c
proper account
american names
stochastic grammars
matsushita electric
replace hand
test splits
dual nature
please refer
closed dictionary
000 sets
slow speed
human development
speech probabilities
basic systems
word splitting
three figures
process may
three extensions
experiment consists
text stream
immediate ancestors
process first
plans must
domain lies
probabilistic grammar
constrained space
possible labels
classes like
interesting example
fortran iv
su error
entire problem
link interpretation
plausible inference
ling rummy
utterance functions
active chart
automatic language
limited text
taxonomy distance
heavy cost
actual events
communicative actions
straightforward use
dynamic constraint
constituent needs
printed dictionaries
sentences relevant
tense rules
various control
evaluation 1
breast cancer
rules building
six measures
best result
informal genres
annotation types
site occurs
level operator
short texts
local nature
financial sense
overall probabilities
corpus including
nouns generally
reordering phase
interesting model
one dialog
middle alternation
field name
middle east
based spoken
slava katz
1000 occurrences
interpersonal relationships
time considerably
network produced
subsequent semantic
different formats
methodological framework
common non
maps syntactic
based software
letters without
compact representations
words representation
j p
odds ratio
language modeling
processing paradigm
eight rules
contain lexical
constraint f
transitive links
r sl
reading support
successor nodes
processing performance
price competition
positive constraint
morpheme analysis
type provides
geometric terms
metaphorical domains
use heuristics
interactive spoken
examples extracted
desirable characteristics
ir precision
meaningful relations
around non
flight schedule
773 sentence
assign appropriate
optional component
batch processing
four training
make room
utterance n
translate phrases
global unit
question given
consonants like
predicting student
specific antecedent
represent respectively
hacioglu et
first analyzes
working prototype
partial responses
kernel method
resulting effect
neighbor classification
edge creation
weight obtained
preferences associated
tile method
similarity models
white wine
careful speech
link function
zu versuchen
define probability
coreferential links
method yields
lexical ambiguity
following generalization
subjects also
usually express
reflexive alternation
grammar increases
whose implementation
group similarity
tight control
multilingual sources
nn rb
unlabeled precision
10 languages
meaning pole
modern cantonese
little weight
different reports
plur episode
atomic fss
transfer language
exhaustive constant
realistic way
detail later
question correctly
construction module
original unification
fixed levels
rhythm rule
thus creates
lexical discourse
formal syntax
larger part
cannot determine
eech recognizer
dominance set
passive predicate
many post
transitions may
information elements
document involves
biomedical abstracts
bunsetsu id
role mismatch
good sense
sequence alignment
take turn
ambiguous structures
full details
pairs along
translations generated
contribute towards
pointing input
fourth question
monolingual dictionary
special field
many phrases
tile learning
metonymic patterns
aid human
quarter net
others strategy
tasks used
linguistic phenomenon
recording environments
current efforts
generate several
data model
action declaration
events mentioned
choices based
another criterion
adverbs must
type errors
shared knowledge
user efficiency
popular choice
agha et
crucial characteristic
life task
coreference classification
order without
rule scheme
environmental conditions
dialogue progresses
companies often
sundheim 1995
rules defining
ichiro ishii
contract n00039
simple event
documents also
item corresponding
past passive
author would
markov process
structural properties
intermediate levels
michigan state
search history
countability detection
different way
pattern illustrated
interpretations would
optimize bleu
incorrect student
appropriate wordnet
complex condition
without brackets
gram overlap
major modules
different dimension
antonymous adjectives
feature correlations
example 6
particular ease
segment using
another chunk
salient np
fragmentary syntactic
middle letter
every month
efficient constraint
window test
dictionary pronunciation
ic model
data similar
clustered lsa
navigation within
coherence measures
decisions must
rosetta machine
great distance
base features
semantic locality
shorter queries
informational constraints
pattern extension
base also
smooth integration
coordinated structures
reflect linguistic
information annotation
briefly explained
opposition relations
additional topic
productive suffixes
function annotation
complex network
two signs
novel topic
john henderson
nlp classes
local informativeness
depth bound
one codebook
lines 9
30 rules
discrimination techniques
prediction problems
different methodology
two structures
second eventuality
appropriate prior
individual texts
italian grammar
dependent triphone
representation needed
kukich 1992
classical problem
scale engineering
noun synsets
simply defines
japanese pair
open interval
template may
alignment phase
algorithms available
head plus
documents across
phrase john
question semantics
user already
planning level
dependent phonetic
null ter
gram lm
slight degradation
restricted classes
gram feature
snippets containing
motivates us
shows one
difference vector
method produced
simple example
answer recognizer
lookup system
petit robert
read summaries
recognizing entities
restrictions described
phonetic processing
3 seconds
empty stack
start using
homograph disambiguation
long texts
abbreviation process
similar position
verbs rather
improves readability
based retrieval
quantificational expression
nitrogen system
intention may
single score
sparse training
translation candidates
manageable number
sie den
related parts
fixed sequences
language university
another motivation
cumulative sum
way human
r consists
examples represent
sense determination
frequent situation
two premodifiers
andrew mccallum
bilingual english
obvious example
article training
question corresponding
noun appears
mu project
variant form
infix si
similar output
statistical learner
graph a0
que les
pedersen 2000
subsequent target
machine transliteration
sets included
ct ct
generate abstracts
rules improved
000 dollars
tables 8
adverb indicator
computational structures
two actions
technical papers
interactive retrieval
mckeown paraphrasing
final muc
ideas may
answer wizard
analysis procedures
lamp room
scheme might
2 bottom
complex expression
plan involves
specialized meaning
translated parallel
name categorization
need another
approach achieved
single node
lexical rmrs
root field
quadratic program
based control
controlled input
formal role
notation like
word text
related portion
dml context
un locuteur
intended speech
engineering project
nakhimovsky aspect
formal understanding
2 example
situations without
discourse features
frame definitions
geographical region
striking fact
art ner
preceding np
ml estimation
linear scale
discourse also
continue processing
standard constituent
const contains
expensive manual
das auto
governed trees
quantifier meaning
point machines
either direction
research problems
type h
csr evaluation
achieve faster
verb immediately
annotation schemata
interactive control
passive edge
frames must
cepstral text
sites participated
document annotations
end components
taggers made
map system
acquisition tool
words increased
tree adjunction
2 model
p occurs
scoring features
1 symbols
tsuruoka et
particular difficulty
independent algorithm
special rule
programming model
modeling methods
later research
absolute ill
models showed
789 dialogues
beale et
subjects produced
title queries
state distributions
richer descriptions
steps together
conditions might
extended bigram
level preference
sentence master
large non
list extracted
vector constructed
preference test
annotations together
interesting question
modal references
switching rule
lower priority
existing modules
partial orderings
reachable states
concepts extracted
action choice
present among
main themes
construction specification
presented evidence
baud et
object pointed
primary document
comparable human
merged entry
elaboration satellite
naval battle
feasible alternative
flight id
three bilge
block swapping
place function
92 sentences
features provides
extra letter
translating telephone
current reference
structuring techniques
tag structures
six experiments
letter pairs
equal length
variable constraint
niu et
use atomic
statistical bilingual
integrating processing
ranking models
good generalizations
noun modifying
laws governing
conjunct must
simply indicates
expressions require
several mistakes
discourse across
string hypotheses
dependent properties
certain sense
aquaint program
differs considerably
sentences formed
page 4
one thematic
expands upon
experimental study
model capable
knn algorithm
remaining parts
used viterbi
significance values
cross one
main argument
theme classes
shape features
high variability
studies also
po box
grammar disjuncts
minimal features
proposed dialogue
hot dog
jaunt program
flight two
xinhua news
since abbreviations
des rapports
major word
spinal cord
large base
traditional systems
sidner et
11 lists
useful grammar
ranked branch
training instance
contai n
chart parser
structure notation
sentential processing
art summarization
representation via
different xml
metonymic concepts
restaurant near
aligned nodes
contained repairs
hearer roles
objects become
user attempting
pose problems
resources often
majority distribution
noun etc
certain standard
categories represent
contiguous kernel
l 6
way sentences
level call
nouns indicating
another matrix
remaining portion
preprocessor output
compound consisting
preceding tags
shallow systems
different courses
right boundaries
hierarchical search
theme object
individual entries
bayes law
tapanainen et
different constraint
speech audio
consistent translations
two atoms
determine optimal
containing knowledge
wer difference
structural repetition
reduce system
engineering techniques
nonlinear equations
unannotated english
mml principle
define specific
node via
automatic summaries
larger dataset
precision equals
x w
constituent appears
pdtb annotation
a0a2a1a54a3a48a5a8a7a10a9a12a11a14a13a4a5a12a15 a16a17a15a19a18
lexical complexity
synthesised speech
random terms
reader might
les propri
dialog data
une augmentation
apply language
large bodies
lt nsl
group hamas
saccharomyces cerevisiae
two pointers
user knows
another solution
environment within
filtering range
david yarowsky
closed vocabulary
xml editor
larger tagset
collection statistics
possible causal
annotated trace
element set
relevance vector
per la
easy solution
document preprocessing
bay area
evaluation tools
previous speaker
needs two
name id
considerable promise
great length
generalize across
avoid combinatorial
last part
semantics interface
descriptive account
component morpheme
access platform
meaningful comparisons
text generator
human categorization
consistent subsets
bar chart
map words
based cutoff
500 ms
object rather
example questions
alignment quality
null symbols
applications since
overall utility
user sentence
contextual probability
best results
nlg researchers
comprehensive grammars
quality mt
group consisting
first simple
two ground
vickrey et
predicted class
procedural way
form w
repeated applications
feature would
intended senses
serial fashion
nist machine
du phoneme
intransitive motion
work investigating
weak method
attributes arc
detection algorithm
boy z
associated case
ct schema
across units
million web
mantique des
local regions
procedures exist
cooper 1981
intrinsic sides
virtual human
heuristic subversion
related concepts
approach necessitates
music information
many source
specialized vocabulary
external dictionary
results gained
b c
way analogous
first kind
portable computer
function ph
following variation
work carried
research programme
concepts represent
relation implicit
ho w
exist ill
schisma corpus
best fitting
necessary contextual
specify conditions
e realized
search systems
quantifier order
xml elements
free algorithm
observation led
two bootstrapping
tunne ling
strings starting
bad weather
twelfth conference
explicit features
speech grammar
values equal
alternative model
wtop model
weak learning
level facts
family car
within feature
cray research
project management
context tracking
chinese string
5 draws
exempli es
standard information
operations upon
experiments mentioned
similar patterns
limited data
pubmed search
list value
simple scoring
reader corpus
taxonomic description
active use
compound variables
accurate assessment
donne la
frame np
semantic means
anaphoric np
ambitious applications
input must
terrorist organizations
tl texts
e fl
retrieving examples
pp 2
include explicit
distinct sources
lazy implementation
low human
oz simulation
lillian lee
also dependent
improving speech
examples set
approach successfully
related aspects
values n
language studies
sentence combination
resources needed
task plans
allows capturing
lexicm entries
one star
particular phonetic
italian dictionaries
various output
whole generation
pronoun refers
shift would
move 1
complete neighborhood
000 lemmas
8 sentences
associate shifting
000 training
system continues
obvious deficiencies
server also
speech time
generalized concept
16 fighter
evaluating definition
post office
terms tj
xml annotation
bit code
conflate pairs
good subset
nl interaction
pure functional
instance reliability
logical combination
declarative fashion
social relationship
graph vertices
nodes representing
certain generalizations
next top
second digit
auxiliary brackets
company named
names typically
source mentions
models capture
detailed models
many propositions
continued attention
verbs separately
jeff siskind
information extractio
factors related
external evidence
bleu scores
uncertain beliefs
misspelt word
500 instances
conceptual graph
syntax completion
every referent
particular lexicon
following rewrite
te recognition
material within
several c
server running
state head
phillips screwdriver
several antecedents
overall time
mt architecture
orthographic similarity
remaining concepts
implicit entities
salient referent
answers increases
deciding factor
probability rules
incorrect pronunciation
ordered schema
rules augmented
ohsumed dataset
like processing
single occurrences
anaphors resolved
sign expansion
first address
highly task
coach competition
pick noun
subject changes
similar representations
restriction used
overall speech
a1a2 a3
constraint keeps
preceding rules
recall decreased
semantic contribution
cannot predict
assigns semantic
two theories
papers submitted
induction systems
independent function
step 2
la porte
partial isomorphy
divergence measures
unit 8
style parsing
description makes
chris buckley
suitable feature
aided translation
sensitive rewrite
pipeline system
h set
substantial contribution
equivalent sentence
hmm isolated
recognition modules
dependency subtree
actual discourse
internet based
calibrated probabilities
superordinated drs
unsupervised extraction
english part
first fashion
input automaton
verb plus
error candidates
speech segment
affinity graph
logical formula
likelihood estimator
average input
two tasks
consistency checking
first icon
cost 3
juice seat
tree format
semantic evaluation
corresponding algorithm
proximity pairs
terms along
constraints applicable
next room
feng et
static objects
differential diagnosis
links identified
rigorous manner
actual variable
erroneous translation
chart represent
multiple slots
assigns labels
three bunsetsus
developing procedures
quadratic complexity
competing hypotheses
abstracts manually
listener cannot
reduced representation
better grammar
avant de
rst treebank
improved recognition
computational theories
likelihood parameter
often introduces
potential lexical
per text
th keyword
high alignment
eight users
observed improvement
aligned text
basic lfg
psycholinguistic perspective
nachdem peter
representations required
based dhmms
students got
ongoing tasks
bidirectional fashion
main properties
title association
generated questions
forthcoming 2003
coordinate constructs
compression algorithm
language project
free languages
one decision
predictive dialogue
infer implicit
specific processing
similarity metric
direct response
q l
technical support
make considerable
dialogue model
successful treatment
translate sentences
dative case
lfg parses
finite predications
modality functions
cost measure
lexical elements
pronoun c
word relationship
phone level
5 displays
type 6
therefore give
pronoun antecedents
errors cannot
chinese gigaword
two particles
frequent verb
analogical proportion
involve additional
dynamic dependency
training method
another vowel
larger trees
mettant en
contain characters
control program
set l
understanding mechanism
1 accuracy
discourse parsers
de st
specification document
resulting similarity
noun contains
candidate noun
smaller tuples
allow automatic
verbs differ
types shown
des unit
previous category
john found
link values
encode general
reveal whether
scheme based
redundant representation
implicit co
simple positive
cf grammars
frame mapping
intuitive notion
hovy 2000
general position
final scores
relevance measures
h system
trainable coreference
third definition
structures fl
guidance system
expect performance
russian corpus
en classes
attachment module
sentiment polarities
thaw ice
presents conclusions
complement node
free interpretation
main reason
text planners
mandarin speech
use one
pendant trois
many organizations
task due
reference purposes
produces parses
e adj
provides opportunities
assisted learning
contains results
filter 3
ref attribute
dramatic performance
particular stem
3 nodes
many sentences
pronoun use
noun level
lexicon coverage
extract parallel
reliable ones
database checker
iterative refinement
second place
skeleton key
markov structure
word data
matrix operations
fourth quarter
models performance
verbose mode
classifier produced
speci city
exportable chip
lexical annotation
alternate microphones
sequences containing
similarities within
des mots
category slots
initial problems
many students
discuss methods
effectively convey
single case
gesture inputs
russian side
compound types
semantic value
applicability conditions
relation involving
unification steps
example features
csr system
human resources
generated extract
ldoce noun
alternative question
conditions based
words increases
clause tags
processing plays
involve considerable
example also
recherche sur
neutral classes
compare words
lattice pruning
classification tasks
detection function
manual mark
reformulation model
sentence scores
lawrence et
basic block
existing event
simple character
page summary
learnt strategies
appreciable difference
include p
lines 6
much weight
resource based
adverbial modification
certain forms
raw translation
embedding structures
tractable account
sub ject
statistical interpretation
propagated upwards
ner pattern
distinguished nodes
web spider
provides insight
represents results
three sources
empirical analysis
represent values
talking head
old man
word combinations
tokenizer uses
control ambiguity
vocabulary csr
language types
consultation system
tukey test
node deletion
probabilities describe
classes et
present parsing
standard position
performance rates
information richness
price includes
tree returns
des erreurs
class ii
par jean
quab question
possible name
xml attributes
various patterns
native compounding
like b
satellite distinction
actor type
conjunctive nodes
level transducer
trees licensed
compatibility test
possible plans
pair would
intended perlocutionary
np follows
pruning rule
research toward
graphs based
frequency estimates
inside test
arabic documents
car noise
formed objects
destination fs
social relation
second knowledge
framework includes
string obtained
identifying parts
kong research
short survey
top nodes
table construction
15 train
forming connective
data discussed
downstream modules
ii include
closure definitions
defining words
boundary ambiguities
verbal phrases
e mi
2 character
nps represent
deeper insights
voorhees 1998
tile end
additional way
like process
recognition word
relation id
extra processing
since pos
sentence modality
relations 2
training classifiers
v q
abrasive event
additional dimension
description approach
taxonomic language
single remote
particular company
weighted vector
entire paragraph
country ambassador
contain special
statistics could
global view
many possibilities
given credit
syntagmatic kernels
positive instances
hpsg processing
denote nodes
concerning case
architecture defines
machine learners
relation results
corpus enables
transformations operate
null accuracy
start symbol
inflectional form
p393 acord
000 parses
relation introduced
system since
returns nil
currently focuses
reuters report
existing treebanks
three complements
creates two
fillers found
list system
october 2004
le mur
occurrence within
important extensions
ensemble classifier
algorithm relies
associated properties
h words
constituent contains
personal care
n vp
search engine1
used knowledge
segments based
temporal interval
scf acquisition
factors including
stack search
objective usages
certain utterance
pragmatic structure
page extracts
encode multiple
text refers
linguistic frameworks
every line
standard x
b appears
five systems
corpus terms
whose job
terminal item
various representations
another computer
items cannot
interactive capabilities
unknown names
cognitive effects
carberry response
whitelock et
th level
qa pairs
image understanding
predicted probability
constructive theory
morph analysis
additional inferences
include automatic
tape 1
nes across
text organisation
extra step
qlf resolution
constituent level
seneff et
object alignment
separate entries
gram kernels
groups depending
specific beliefs
treebank text
driven way
failed parses
improvement may
current activity
three official
possible functions
present world
several paths
two blocks
proposed ways
current ocr
time plus
high noise
next row
dramatically decreases
template building
primary consideration
english tagset
documents returned
lexicon features
process n
graph compares
a4 a5
true answers
acquiring subcategorization
whose lhs
lexicon also
conjoined heads
physical entities
word queries
poor scores
agent systems
vp categories
fragments derived
slightly differs
carrier sentence
application could
external modifier
type full
annotation servers
b ae
unobserved words
include compounds
comprehensive analysis
mike wanted
monitor changes
rules go
involving interactions
tree mapping
original c
written e
semantic processor
event rather
text archives
twenty years
key templates
crf model
using methods
driven methodology
several synsets
initial transducer
informal discussion
inflectional categories
new generic
antecedent relationship
anderen eine
trees corresponding
scale pairs
mt decoder
drt framework
real phenomena
features expressing
clause marked
therefore rankings
possible generalization
utilizing domain
assoc list
three subparts
respective phrases
thai text
vector based
order unification
phrase aligner
preposition sur
relationships described
struc igi
universal quantification
thematic vowel
coronary artery
functional nodes
html code
large nmnber
individual propositions
checking program
algorithm often
frequency vector
last pitch
iterative alignment
conversation unit
related noun
50 texts
taxonomical relationships
eufid system
unparsable sentences
objects whose
response variable
textual segments
cause serious
generated features
u matrix
l features
unsupervised probabilistic
contextual window
error directly
rule filter
analysis reported
processing tools
l also
major deficiencies
following instance
connected nodes
complete shift
basic markov
original use
lexical attributes
provides guidance
intensional descriptions
tile situation
identical parse
filtering based
tourist accommodation
slotted lattice
dependencies may
individual human
maximum forward
main computational
advanced user
closed world
ir query
recurrent sound
right tree
lexical class
tag indicating
result reveals
ill tile
generators tend
murdered john
optimum sample
mashi ta
rather sparse
entropy methods
alignment exists
lowest accuracy
monolingual parsing
better basis
semantic set
stan c
laborious work
languages seem
pas method
list words
text reveals
judges disagree
syntactic interactions
sentences containing
3 text
region model
translation problems
show information
model gave
subject categories
approach adopts
simple assertion
type compatibility
visual cortex
adaptive greedy
spaces based
dictation experience
component strings
linguistic interaction
partial overlap
traditional lfg
case involving
a21 a0
based oll
based patterns
person narrative
substantial set
grammar constructed
combinations described
evaluate summaries
text c
theme argument
detailed procedure
robust method
processing without
lots de
methods uses
gai shi
internal reasons
belief relation
results gave
likelihood sequence
numerical values
inheritance property
model pairs
possible direction
underlying tree
strategies cannot
set requirements
synthesis application
removed words
string corresponds
let b
internal nodes
common sub
software basis
1 cluster
aux autres
specific viewpoint
frame slot
pronouns also
based logic
physical co
wordnet category
weight representing
operational setting
systems actually
decoder chooses
conceptual vectors
inactive arcs
comparison difficult
tile underlying
variant corpus
input phrases
different dependency
rules leading
tree rules
specific times
models allow
different templates
george orwell
internet texts
flrst stage
communicator software
iterative query
frequency distribution
verb synset
contained words
simple automatic
present background
cruttenden 1986
1989 tomek
additional constraint
contextual references
5wlh information
existing module
aggregation process
nouns often
q intends
among nodes
axiomatic set
works directly
text needs
tile graph
weir class
robust learning
a18 topa11
p times
links together
japanese company
following explanation
first name
rst experiment
general readers
optional satellites
model predicate
korean word
partial feature
certain head
acquire domain
distinct treatment
formalism seems
four solutions
system data
weight calculation
sentence negation
alignment heuristics
eager algorithm
version b
translation units
different researchers
structures created
noun preposition
annotation study
marking particle
joins two
baseline clustering
using equivalence
pronoun appears
topic position
english form
fragments within
actual interaction
biography classifier
implicit relationships
composite tree
remaining noun
text reflects
exponential family
initiative holder
individuating set
action table
sentences cannot
behavior would
automatic procedure
lie somewhere
xiang gang
create auxiliary
depends ultimately
type coverage
hair cells
bilexical probabilities
variable instances
accurate sentence
interpretation grammar
limited semantic
semantic system
ordinary parsers
tokens per
without sentence
style algorithm
pronouns across
reader must
parsing scheme
combines multiple
stem ending
logical negation
taxonomic relation
case results
unsupervised adaptation
cost c
sample set
represent classes
distinction task
simple composition
answer document
restricted lexicon
id sets
sample outputs
represent various
artificial languages
ohta et
total input
algorithm needed
perceptual structures
reason behind
actual procedure
discrimination mechanism
systems serving
bible scores
term tj
tree like
implicit context
new definitions
two prototypes
coordinated sentence
parsed text
new parent
engel et
sentencetoscene mapping
next paragraph
a22 a1
recognized part
language means
roles like
exampl e
per data
jan piet
maximal sub
current address
aligned data
linguistic preferences
katakana words
features represented
semantics cannot
events used
figur e
included inside
cognitive engineering
compare methods
extract correct
final comment
node vectors
state filters
distribution curve
various shallow
indefinite noun
type constructors
hyper 5
shows performance
binary vectors
flgure 3
informal definition
untagged words
simple scheme
tutoring strategies
function properly
complex combination
analyses also
characters corresponding
activity value
research community
rule xxi
accurate learning
acoustic score
english pitch
structures contained
different instances
create active
productive patterns
par deux
50 entries
approach using
250 rules
sets rather
back loop
test component
equivalence constraint
predicting prosodic
decoding algorithms
schema ensures
provide basic
genus terms
user via
wordnet synonymy
important theoretical
coverage syntactic
list reranking
test sentences
functions required
achieves 63
makes suggestions
research issues
iterative approximation
transfer procedure
vocabulary v
four questions
unique position
particular rule
text allows
domain relevance
net decrease
flight reservations
parent action
corpus collection
right meaning
figure ld
unit productions
preliminary evaluations
information presentations
business application
systematic use
two learning
dolt permettre
using topics
unique output
semantic contiguity
english trees
boundary list
fol formulas
argument annotations
rst iteration
corelli document
unseen documents
local ambiguities
antecedent relation
capturing features
sentence represents
complete incomplete
value using
ontological framework
words red
computational method
programming scheme
contains nodes
primitive notion
languages together
interpreted lisp
communication rather
c associated
system found
fragment pairs
better agreement
katr theories
collins parser
random word
final e
trees defined
rocchio classifier
invalid antecedent
always tries
grammar might
local languages
complete interpretation
many nps
discourse goals
writer must
clause action
orthographic normalization
17 shows
german noun
bracketing grammar
probability pr
words listed
continuous gaussian
acquisition effort
sparse solutions
words regardless
speaker intentions
pass 1
remaining half
variable substitution
particular textual
ka techniques
two keywords
est l
andreas eisele
errors belong
original turn
every class
vertical bar
phrase number
latter technique
basic reasons
interpretive procedure
table contained
pp prep
event sort
section 02
computational learning
across messages
le th
within patterns
minor boundaries
accented speech
entities referred
pragmatic pronouns
add layers
always depends
world trade
improves overall
1987 crash
new format
match method
ben bernanke
cassini space
meronymy relation
evaluate models
investigating ways
6 suggests
correction factor
sense group
ground nominals
complete path
probability reweighting
information upon
system queries
yes ind
formulation allows
making datr
concepts behind
connected text
object category
accumulate information
weighting algorithms
word relative
clear advantages
built models
frequency measures
sentence e
auditory model
test predicates
post error
shows certain
hidden layers
9 show
entity list
speaker reading
wsj model
level terms
inquiry responses
local interpretation
coding tool
p stand
group members
every effort
participle form
candidate kus
reading exists
type features
index set
launch events
discourse space
lexical syntactic
compute statistical
students ate
best description
searches back
agents report
common applications
source tense
animation generation
45 micron
word association
comparable document
words axe
enormous amount
annotations according
type comma
reference date
generate instructions
tsuchiya et
different maps
implies c
large sub
corresponds closely
certain letter
weighting schemes
les noms
randomized algorithms
measures compare
class called
speech labeling
output transition
structure satisfies
configuration may
path description
hypertext interface
papillon project
potential effect
accepting rewrite
normative model
initial tagger
dual function
tense resolution
international communication
7 sentences
redundancy might
first direction
access large
present proposal
wasting time
strictly bottom
average ranks
organized approach
cation problems
formed plan
lexicon lists
nop rules
leave aside
research based
important contents
two interpretations
implicit claim
levels would
another inference
substring matches
6 millions
lexicalist theory
many measures
final f
token frequency
answerable queries
sequential manner
query topics
possible variation
tag learning
crossing constituents
interactive dialogues
multidimensional scaling
practical usage
methods must
spanish research
morphological parser
word gloss
straightforward translation
classification learning
head label
goal 2
unknown phrase
kl divergence
habe ich
selection part
third parameter
degdegso degguil
silence duration
resulting attribute
b contains
data element
distributor cap
word semantic
neutral case
role label
bold arcs
class represents
categorial paraphrasing
syntactic mood
ranking functions
features useful
dulles suspected
multiple assessors
initial combining
precise way
assigning appropriate
element onto
adverse consequences
striking example
standard signal
using lexicons
qualitative criteria
copula constructions
analyses produced
deduction system
new objective
gesture occurrence
acoustic states
component evaluation
translation phrase
act fragment
5 topics
different angles
domain q
analyzer segments
ion rules
order formula
various cognitive
news transcription
information altogether
generation involves
ts often
greedy method
annotators cannot
december 1996
head construction
examples related
preserve meaning
treebank data
english tokens
based shallow
chain monte
rosenfeld 1997
syntactic subject
human text
generated lists
one command
word labels
experiment evaluated
conference office
inferential anaphors
either accept
conversational agent
responses found
seed corpus
underlying tag
person c
calculate semantic
existing mappings
project involves
donnd un
sd systems
structural divergence
input source
lists obtained
omitted pronoun
self triggers
system generated
phoneme converter
corrects errors
pseudo documents
disambiguation research
following restrictions
remainder weights
sentence s1
ranking n
right order
many paragraphs
tile general
conversational robot
canonical sentences
example 17
tagset based
6 plots
specific places
larger corpus
et el
error problems
1990 darpa
description must
tape contents
extensions based
additional challenges
ne candidate
volume 26
studies presented
peer units
column corresponds
automated methods
word may
100 adjectives
either method
standard string
discourse requires
different recognizers
better average
proficiency level
propositions whose
8 proc
collocation knowledge
word first
initial terms
defined objects
underspecified noun
meaningful phrases
virtual document
ldc grammar
arcs correspond
text appears
3670 n
items belong
generate referring
passive infinitive
discover relationships
relative score
power unit
rows 3
used tile
matrix factorization
lexical probability
explicit goals
ordered dags
satisfied constraints
representations constitute
hierarchy based
identification accuracy
interlingual acception
march 1994
regular string
p even
given seed
previous usages
rainy season
tile verb
boost loss
system exhibits
performance decay
right modifier
incorrect structures
parsing followed
since set
summarization project
normalization technique
phonological level
genre detection
topic representations
titles like
referential candidates
bilinear transformation
adverbial clause
student explanation
analysis offers
physical context
higher probabilities
order correlation
whole dialogue
french generator
tag 5
using spoken
practical results
states 2
random event
arbitrary threshold
lexical segmentation
scale treebank
tags indicating
pilot phase
valid contexts
noun plurals
yield correct
union operator
free grammars
prolog variables
learning tool
using software
length variation
assigned multiple
denominal verb
target alphabet
terminal tree
algorithms developed
new tags
vp chunk
apply procedure
rule violations
total mapping
better view
grammatical description
resolve pronominal
single architecture
bare template
benton foundation
exemple pour
attentional state
system less
like yesterday
model covers
input propositions
component value
semantic role
3 data
system stores
propagated covariation
semantic understanding
ah l
bounding domains
low document
receptive fields
single computational
chunk type
global counter
frame representing
potential loci
discuss examples
course requires
german treebanks
nd proofs
use dialogue
nlp architecture
erent models
purpose machine
trees adjoinable
expected word
atmospheric pressure
mark liberman
substantial role
recorded conversations
longest matching
crucial source
first computes
nodes provide
pas pour
ancestor features
candidate mappings
speaker makes
nine types
speech server
desired dot
clustering information
sentence sets
system analyzes
class f
parallel computers
use essentially
number dabt63
per leaf
nikkei newspaper
log l
resulting lattice
noisy channels
analogical network
baseline version
parallelism effect
representation systems
labelled n
reader questioned
entry could
retrieved candidates
analysis structures
experiment 4
referential index
every syntactic
core parser
describe physical
individual distribution
organizing elements
considerable extent
memory locations
index words
word target
classic problem
complete list
competition sets
title name
class definition
basic text
probabilistic dependencies
large applications
3 days
features features
relational triples
speaker clustering
f1 value
le principal
stochastic uni
973 clauses
unvoiced stop
dual list
frequency r
state size
features also
communication rate
urban planner
person prefixes
marker wa
perceptual tasks
cityu open
assigns equal
integrated use
roman numerals
null ters
full lexicon
expert also
culminated process
identifying noun
parameterized version
six time
null morphological
joan bresnan
constraint 6
random model
exclusive categories
grammars would
nsf itr
respective sentences
new mapping
contextual constraints
quality answer
resnik 1994
news broadcast
meaning postulate
responses generated
stage includes
function using
shortest tokenization
mechanisms like
phrase marker
constituent boundary
clitic ordering
probabilistic disambiguation
real spoken
avoiding redundant
parameters described
world task
boundary values
improve parsing
graph cannot
smoothing data
new mexico
working memory
variable occurs
summarization techniques
detect similarity
american texts
mapping results
nugget recall
baseform pronunciations
prototypical examples
retrieval terms
somewhat time
final prediction
probabilistic part
determination r
rewrite indication
particular slots
antecedent selection
brown training
fit strategy
presented algorithm
small text
target summary
following concept
algorithm parameters
imperfect data
compute tile
optional lectures
framework provides
places certain
whether nl
sublanguage corpus
n tv
statistic discussed
tahle 1
document list
speech containing
copyright notice
parsed data
features involved
olac metadata
chinese place
concept using
800 occurrences
speaker might
independent components
np1 np2
involving john
learning rules
salience rules
best language
one finite
conceptual development
features across
system relative
campus yesterday
first variation
previous template
performance advantages
context feature
pairs still
input wizard
normal distribution
laborious manual
special circumstances
van harmelen
tokens produced
address different
standardized annotation
current name
manner class
ones may
table cell
concepts related
l pcfg
many experiments
hook noun
sublanguage approach
cordination problem
current plans
precision values
five seconds
different genre
centers around
representing part
develop speech
n extraction
tag associated
multimodal systems
average annotation
measure dropped
clause representing
generate word
modeling capabilities
nlg process
loebner prize
condition parts
2 characters
relevant contexts
several assumptions
labelled constituents
individual nps
mathematical linguistics
target speaker
parse sequences
senses compared
belief held
106 sentences
counts returned
label propagation
l entry
special sub
taking noun
sentences belong
structure permits
phrase 2
based programming
thick line
filter works
verbal diathesis
internal silence
fangs slithered
processing stream
c u
possessive noun
input sentences
greek alphabet
participants collaborate
bayesian methods
tape turing
annotated domain
neutral lexicon
functional relationship
famous people
central area
quality machine
3 queries
sequence f
example pattern
coffee table
des param
domain dependency
5th framework
chinese knowledge
normalized product
domain templates
research aims
given intention
cohesion score
stressed word
highest scoring
instances clustered
company management
grammar based
antecedent may
procedure outputs
examples including
multiple channels
evaluation measure
context factors
testable predictions
mary think
weak paradigms
lfi task
distinct meaning
6 reports
reference boundaries
using lm
relation description
using feature
formatting conventions
using examples
current status
novel forms
among utterances
frequency database
subordination structure
offer different
phonological transformations
hans uszkoreit
lemmatization process
primary segment
corpus word
previous discussion
form parse
emotion recognition
frequency weighted
language representation
combined measure
represent differences
either concept
basic focusing
referents introduced
selected translation
answers might
a61 a100
embedded questions
dds based
magnitude fewer
ann must
models without
q v
different abstract
several diverse
type parsers
rigorous approach
traditional morphological
class described
main emphasis
planning algorithms
natural decomposition
complete details
soon baseline
less sparse
several transformations
morphology learner
adequate grammar
documents could
accurate recognition
troops marched
etant donn
without recognition
finding strategies
system labels
german upper
therefore implies
integrates linguistic
adequacy evaluation
human utterances
clearviews screening
set z
interpreting pronouns
induce classifiers
additional dependency
katakana sequences
barrier links
specialization level
separate morphemes
semantic levels
set v
process leading
component set
heuristi c
last approach
pos layer
inherent structure
following ranking
individual measures
lingual corpora
business activities
queries formulated
printed form
xdg analyses
parallel construction
last state
le crit
three tree
structure involves
large research
referent associated
grammatical utterances
upper body
slight variant
base could
r 4
strategy yields
vector model
linguistic strategy
level instructions
two recognition
punctual verbs
field associated
statistical nil
propose instead
mean 0
priori independence
solving action
lowest point
term finder
investigate ways
algorithm suggested
path whose
cannot move
based mechanisms
lexical defaults
system first
crucial component
detection components
event category
placement within
clearly shows
italian part
huge volume
contingency tables
local likelihood
longer output
ill section
query retrieval
bar level
cost estimation
10 segments
quantified arguments
finite utterances
year old
class prediction
paraphrases using
proof terms
full linguistic
based noun
formal terms
domain instances
briefly outlines
birch beer
n head
several causes
parameters framework
words makes
since syntax
interval a29
thesaurus value
say agent
tense markers
contain variables
constraint equation
verb construction
using heldout
solution space
certain processing
distinctions introduced
predictor variables
internal data
uses binary
unknown proper
pairs derived
grammatical language
accessible antecedent
wsd work
scale semi
serving dinner
standard acoustic
superordinate categories
text shown
29 subjects
string grammars
lambek calculus
tnt script
uses corpus
following declaration
lattice corresponding
short document
driven dependency
lexical generation
several l
street address
polya model
bmm technique
total slot
full company
subtask dimension
referential coherence
aspectual categories
cresswell 1973
one disadvantage
logical framework
completed template
source input
query feature
example presented
system integrates
1 type
view also
test pairs
recovery algorithm
said friday
obligatory roles
probabilistic manner
ound nouns
dominating segment
500 times
computable function
reduced cfg
factor set
therefore set
neutral descriptions
active path
provides insights
occurrence threshold
lower weights
technologies developed
finite language
two cliques
flexible solution
categories including
without expansion
partial patterns
suggestions regarding
language study
cdg parses
corrected version
pour cela
extract relevant
attachment points
number feature
additional instances
kind discussed
program assigns
literals x
leads either
original level
word si
analyzer would
possible instance
punctuation tags
yields another
training test
hierarchical text
counterintuitive results
modal theory
discourse could
direct derivability
5 examples
following arguments
patrick saint
japanese base
head transducers
deeper understanding
speaker comparisons
using perplexity
style formalism
analysis generally
lhs term
numbers 2
24 ore
certain step
cases rather
database might
additional tagsets
best configurations
strategies employed
manual classification
specified categories
relative ease
across texts
current locus
kearns et
undecidable problem
issues relevant
strategy produced
relational markov
stem count
closed phase
programming beam
logical statements
words might
desired location
need arises
specified trees
submitted paper
average class
left branching
position given
provides means
rough wiring
observed random
detect automatically
1 dr
dem lehrer
anomaly detection
rule grammar
level modules
1 rates
method available
cet exemple
worst ease
factoid questions
causal knowledge
franz josef
grammars expressed
contains language
model according
translation community
special applications
two end
c parameters
intermediary step
include objects
implementations include
kept separate
referential identity
new slot
appositive descriptions
statistical decision
method ignores
capture exactly
text contains
human involvement
distance among
distinction also
basis according
implicit information
retrieval collection
individual assessor
four lists
performative verb
declarative phonology
english corpus
fixedness measures
studies report
ordinary context
gpsg g
verb associations
predicate r
retrieve words
results according
whose sentence
independent ontology
experimental platform
muc evaluations
paper investigates
lemma 6
distance restriction
dynamic process
discrete density
improved systems
corpora respectively
translation issues
list including
rens bod
primary basis
one field
written l
cognitive point
segmentation tasks
entries listed
per target
shallow text
good idea
target category
null ure
aligned target
concepts including
sentences employed
100 x
hanks 1989
responses may
nine tenths
sequence prediction
possible explanation
lexicon space
w u
minimum sample
human acquisition
basenp sequence
64 questions
text level
aggregate score
follow simple
induced history
several translation
show statistically
function application
constituents would
phrase template
cases 4
person etc
manipulation facilities
learned automaton
end performance
english side
cd rom
new action
fano 1961
corresponding components
hostess gave
transferred structures
labeling results
erman et
sentences form
evaluated performance
contextual sense
korean character
agreement constraints
er dian
language syntax
paper proposed
search continues
type entry
grammatical acquisition
treebank bracketings
either arguments
input vector
online definitions
marker 1
aspect refers
relative case
analysis tasks
parse succeeds
pattern elements
choice given
successful parsing
grammatical phenomenon
one tl
individual document
involving string
pairs within
forms 4
say n
generalization method
null type
important content
finding task
systems take
link voting
tagging module
different equations
attractive solution
new disjunctive
scalar predicates
nothing prevents
time adverb
together comprise
dollar signs
growing literature
relations contained
semantic identity
best summaries
literature review
source np
node triggers
bound elements
two lambda
cell matching
entity classes
selected list
also cluster
turn 2
much text
query perplexity
different backgrounds
component words
specific threshold
verbal sign
whether e
subjects participated
coreference annotations
structural condition
example context
news headlines
old technology
morphological system
given label
global pruning
4we use
spread glottis
several notions
null since
long document
genus word
000 dutch
valued feature
ideal case
secondary role
volume 20
brief texts
another avenue
little relation
final training
occurs even
linear features
genes sharing
speakers intend
relative difficulty
yields exactly
sennheiser hmd
via feature
segmentations using
noun kernel
du processus
general outline
le fait
chomsky 1986
within noun
one meeting
em based
journal article
encoding process
third task
important item
former method
e st
argue instead
basic data
wtjwt 1
set yields
contains numbers
reference episode
connectionist approach
static chat
lines 17
implicit universal
final endings
corpus example
boundary decision
extended domain
8000 words
k means
patent claim
search text
treebank labels
latter type
word separators
dimensional category
lambert 1993
step 3b
interval graphs
woman likes
semantic preference
matching method
total load
theoretical proposals
comparing corpora
given construction
involves multiple
tile search
reference ne
parser adaptation
lrc algorithm
c test
building word
mistake l
utterances consisting
individual experiments
underlying world
paradigm introduced
loss function
transformations involve
present formalism
meaningful sentences
ne categories
nouns appearing
negative adaptation
fold transformation
model focuses
useful multiword
formule de
modification pairs
modal auxiliaries
better matches
certain size
unification constraints
full tl
added terms
theater would
distance matrices
boolean combination
efficient process
sentence training
deutsche sprache
integer values
weighted fst
translation based
graduate institute
sigdat conference
predicate database
main subject
norming data
help children
constrained searches
improve speed
lexicon requires
g could
combination system
simple objects
taken account
large databases
dependency diagrams
concerns tile
used include
pcfg grammars
like verbs
modern machine
small data
figure la
table give
like tense
locational information
labeled atis
bllip corpus
adequate basis
standard viterbi
rank less
lattice defined
bbn plum
location method
considerably speeds
multiple streams
linguistic concerns
rejection criterion
value 0
list several
novo hmm
grammatical relation
one rule
mental entities
indirect associations
noun wsd
oxford advanced
recognize relevant
kaijou kasai
generating paraphrases
standard classi
reversible grammars
electronic information
entire feature
postal address
davis corpus
algorithm extends
style grammars
acoustic properties
level word
con ict
consonantal root
human interpreters
noun frames
semantic domains
general remark
degdegso deggull
deeper levels
spoken task
z phrase
language understanding
model outperformed
actual goal
dependency grammar
system delivers
tile development
notation using
narrower concept
following modification
understanding stage
expected question
bold updating
highest p
finite relation
competing grammars
direct statement
expensive operation
computational situation
link would
instructions used
hours long
describing language
parametric theory
banko et
epsilon productions
contribution towards
recall predictor
boolean formula
structured syllables
provides value
one minute
probabilistic cfg
system mainly
maps every
ne se
first instance
move 3
sophisticated methods
unknown term
generating query
edr hierarchy
expanded topics
measuring methods
combined c
functions learned
rules look
good book
optimal time
string components
five nodes
state specified
ensemble classification
subgraph isomorphism
technique relies
two graph
morphological words
kanji conversion
internal systematicity
a38a40a39 usr
nothing less
new formalism
algorithmic approach
objects outside
complex sets
problem set
hypothesized boundaries
ii yx
formal presentation
os algorithm
thai ocr
highest total
external function
two subgroups
constraint features
calls upon
planner needs
location keywords
circumstantial verbs
operator either
specific verbs
act sequences
constraint also
technical arcs
4 corresponds
use depends
knowledge postulates
sequential relations
parse feature
unified view
extraction evaluation
descending chain
a20 a3
efficient matching
research funded
outside context
map coordinates
arbitrary input
two parameters
november 1994
annotated sentence
supervised experiments
provide frequency
information dialogue
stylistic effects
syntactic paraphrases
true translations
conceded information
noun classes
metric combination
blood pressure
combined use
categodal grammar
preferred antecedents
working implementation
core system
baystars game
systems development
character stream
plans used
enumerate possible
sighan chinese
word completion
common english
please enter
annotation problems
four entities
function symbol
memory items
bnc scores
another comparison
basic queries
de praia
effects caused
performance superior
together constitute
fixed word
nmr analyzer
high f
greater extent
path equalities
7 proc
determine sense
respective pairs
candidates get
shih 1990
simple similarity
events occur
approach show
totals across
better disambiguation
first explanation
omit words
called unique
reflexive verbs
argument interpretation
beyond n
e simmons
orthographic representation
statistical stopwords
best complete
figure 11
distributional characteristics
modifying clauses
used section
analyses presented
rules follow
uncertainty based
cannot correct
immediately dominates
noun object
rule instead
accumulated number
relevant scope
semantic facts
otherwise require
symbols could
higher attachment
nj j
diverse fields
business correspondence
coding effort
universal representation
close proximity
object called
verb contained
training corlms
functor must
focus constraint
routine associated
extreme left
selection productions
cas format
semantic hierarchies
step beyond
assumption seems
40 characters
da mails
reflexive predicative
relevant grammar
web environment
whose answer
type goals
intermediate word
211727 tokens
nd l
provide immediate
phonetic input
term repetitions
red computers
growing number
judgments made
romanian data
natural word
italian form
rule basis
represent linguistic
initial word
defines one
low probabilities
feature sub
null lection
le calcul
sentence l
providing multiple
uses term
primary issue
graph algebra
network handler
les fonctions
k value
possible restrictions
maxent tagger
semantic individual
instantiated rule
case scenario
cfg filtering
boundary identification
exact definition
information differently
improvement concerns
feature conditioning
different beliefs
function differently
null cal
sentence internal
annotation units
activity related
open nodes
hierarchical relationship
overlapping feature
search since
set 7
custom hardware
gram scoring
definition analysis
utterances concerning
action results
associative response
one paradigm
rating matrix
error messages
completely domain
syntactic error
different process
particular run
computation would
lambda term
dependent expression
defined types
entity pair
word functions
integration patterns
tn order
difficile de
total decoding
building event
appropriate documents
probabilities required
combines two
given page
convenient shorthand
real output
prague dependency
time points
des deux
useful consequence
take account
rule applied
potential plan
difficult issues
die kinder
dialogue database
english countability
rejected beliefs
bell invented
one incoming
string analysis
compound disambiguation
street name
source rules
adhoc runs
original translation
2 speakers
routing query
indistinguishable sentences
detailed parse
target landmark
wer performance
relevant unit
riding hood
candidate points
repairing segment
complete frame
data simultaneously
whose nonterminals
terms derived
lexical markings
action denoted
length method
example report
absolute positions
maximum size
starting time
representation made
final parses
grammar entries
psn structure
unsmoothed error
move alpha
based organization
direct interaction
ga ki
wordnet includes
text segmenter
database based
critical areas
chain sequence
another technique
another cluster
start date
new trends
hierarchical data
become important
formal dress
evaluation demonstrates
semantic problems
incident 4
acquisition using
based authoring
functional semantic
reduces errors
engine e
many corpora
taxonomy proposed
word n
entity identification
us capture
finding solutions
resulting representation
adjective word
latent heads
existing distributional
core words
gender features
feature schema
words based
domains provide
components corresponding
collect data
informal poll
wsd programs
suffixation operation
test treebank
empirical tests
coarser grain
success probabilities
level event
among models
also count
definite advantages
articulatory parameters
next constituent
cg category
lists representing
determiner every
geographic distances
null reference
context indicates
time tables
implementation allows
facility allows
normalized values
uncertain input
jim cowie
final sequence
bloksma et
automatic topic
successor functions
unseen events
lexical implication
oral words
another column
instructional material
name may
therefore treat
phrase expresses
cation based
solution could
therefore candidates
de distinguer
n art
complete account
dependency triple
lower agreement
type methods
interaction subgraphs
functional labels
syllable formation
automatic parse
lie along
form constraints
possible gain
dependency attachment
scenario concerning
actual topic
e parser
widest scope
distance parsing
cross classification
cessation leaflets
traditional data
retain transition
length 18
context windows
learned model
3d learning
statistical differences
atn path
paper characterizes
human models
text lines
research question
syllable patterns
incremental grammar
text translation
pause durations
lazy learning
draft translation
four weeks
actual parse
perplexity results
sentential input
valency alternations
additional potential
daily newspaper
0 probability
make x
different matching
75 examples
extracted f
organizatio n
th frame
gradable terms
propositional connectives
length restrictions
data inside
order intensional
pos error
example request
evaluation took
functions available
internal semantic
consistently outperform
local decision
static representation
take exponential
implementation demonstrates
grammatical models
university press
100 dialogues
word direction
sequential approach
different viewpoint
ambiguity still
relations removed
default ascription
answers must
xeon 2
mechanism provided
master language
train different
specialized grammars
approach tries
step back
easily express
j xi
proof sketch
different times
describe herein
handling method
tree passing
weight updating
mantel test
read story
actually corresponds
learning environments
third equation
open bill
finite models
voice spreadsheet
sample problems
three observations
function 0
peace treaty
es bei
ibm pc
empirical estimate
abstract anaphors
implicational linear
securities markets
class 9
proposed treatment
gene dictionary
using patterns
time advantage
ordered sets
certain length
circle represents
data consisting
significant properties
overall impact
built constituents
main phases
quarter losses
error based
straightforward account
combining diverse
nodes left
approach depends
one non
first method
helpful discussion
ambiguous verb
rule operates
modelling problem
using windows
rank passages
frames used
argument boundary
maximum distance
much data
could output
backward translation
following test
human semantic
based specification
icsi data
oracle wer
head morpheme
using logic
empty domain
html version
increasing demands
several hours
english collocation
175 cases
polarity values
separate document
base position
syllable representations
better evaluate
terms within
unknown texts
testing ground
e extracted
tom drained
extraction processor
grammar model
inputs together
nondeterministic machine
comparable articles
two terminals
classify segments
full scopings
satisfactory solutions
selective extraction
personal robot
backward maximum
abbreviation rules
delta flights
identical forms
possibly lead
possessive suffix
art parsers
conclusions based
john smith
prepositional arguments
probability using
choose property
monolingual grammars
code optimization
linguistic references
answer segment
kernel achieves
purpose computer
text counts
prosodic models
lexicon could
med corpus
particular condition
digital cameras
sensitive test
probabilities conditioned
vocabulary consists
particle p
syntactic category
genetic algorithm
methods mentioned
provide researchers
include variables
attribution rules
project languages
dynamic structure
k set
particular circumstances
system plans
man loves
de linguistique
traditional reference
new anchor
grammar similar
lemma features
length gain
way speech
one base
np denotes
nonconcatenative morphology
language directly
morphological stemming
set pi
guessing components
pp attaches
general knowledge
likely antecedents
higher agreement
argument list
nl constraints
two verb
john sold
documents judged
thus attempt
endency information
contextual extraction
volume 23
cette affaire
second morpheme
loose segmentation
limited working
whose recognition
translation failures
possible influence
semantic cases
physical position
works based
human may
data sparsity
less words
largest subset
swedish corpus
recognizer attempts
simpler one
speech form
spurious interpretations
generated report
domain specialists
group coherence
basic relative
separate experiments
whose positions
fundamental structure
every professor
class sequence
larger phrases
particular sub
error term
wu 1994
errors corrected
decision sequence
question terminology
open text
fixed duration
method fails
fung 1994
per name
passive structures
contain enough
right languages
features space
case relation
e evaluation
discuss aspects
language onto
single subject
structural variations
lexical attraction
theoretical works
traditional queries
scope information
scale implementation
minority class
mate markup
cal entries
words composing
initial example
missin g
comparing speech
already exists
si test
exploratory analysis
lower average
representations rather
relevant dictionaries
swedish side
forbus 1985
batch rules
field test
bitree loss
overall form
simple plan
formed representation
system status
performance becomes
acyclic graphs
inference tractable
number indicates
overt behavior
lead summary
approach utilizes
footnote 8
highest priority
separated verb
style analysis
natural model
bayes risk
student actually
made precise
construction types
ontological questions
spoken monologues
researchers within
items correctly
initial model
positive polarity
decision strategies
ne chunk
computational device
help facilities
complete identification
restricting parameters
alternative correct
standard knowledge
speech intent
empirical adequacy
presentation modes
bnf rules
construction techniques
scanning transitions
results ranging
human editors
performance due
algorithm development
small relative
error typology
many stories
computer virus
formal word
proteus extraction
like input
generic lexicon
approximation techniques
trigger word
highly context
document pair
token processing
character generator
right interpretation
algorithm begins
elaborate version
called set
narcotic sense
generation function
expanded feature
among target
horizontal velocity
unique start
two vectors
system functions
quantities like
expectations generated
selecting documents
relations acquired
equal quality
young investigator
defining kernels
prolog representation
practical language
nonessential modifiers
discriminative language
particular schema
whose expansion
feature family
speech categories
dependency link
nugget precision
engine described
e represent
phrases headed
sentence describe
extraction system
experimental segmentations
colloquial expressions
understood even
syntagmatic lexical
step constructs
errors remain
model implementation
local identification
support type
reference tag
nodes labelled
falls outside
selection approach
thank professor
human target
logic networks
message simplification
similar construction
arbitrary rules
frequent deprel
typed tfs
known translation
john always
require high
000 entities
associative constructions
hc data
segment boundaries
teaching purposes
document identification
factual use
measure results
dominant sense
textual material
range language
conjunction features
instantiated slots
domain change
interlingua approach
adds rules
la candidature
constructing domain
measure introduced
scores directly
identity relations
mining technique
unparsed portion
separate database
algebraic system
protein name
taskar et
study showing
anchor pairs
also interacts
possible wordnet
argumental positions
combining translation
questions submitted
destination synset
simple variables
tone patterns
relation selection
generate lexical
structures extracted
complete freedom
use extensively
e value
sentence exactly
search queries
chasen 2
varying training
study ii
additional devices
cat v
structure algorithm
sense without
phliqa1 system
articles across
henk zeevat
miike et
variants thereof
second resource
existing objects
using concepts
representing relations
level conceptual
specific input
input used
du laboratoire
second piece
enough corpus
lexicon induction
model builder
transductive learning
ou un
standard dynamic
discourse capabilities
production pi
average generation
selected classes
latest version
considerable cost
f yi
bit odd
deictic expressions
cooccurrence restrictions
important evidence
test message
memory machines
features occuring
term processing
semantic cl
significant recall
behavior without
work fine
dictionary expansion
unlinked words
extract transfer
imposing restrictions
level scoring
additional processing
text file
items corresponding
main ideas
r denote
ground transportation
possible arguments
systems involving
language domains
consistent improvement
maximum length
including type
morphophonemic strings
preliminary investigation
verbs correspond
processing needs
meanings expressed
summary schemas
form along
tagger must
phonetic rules
accumulated knowledge
computation rule
light semantics
cat sat
experiment showing
tile results
motivated theory
give access
individual probabilities
global descriptors
infinitive verbal
much controversy
active frames
provide insufficient
computing research
category formula
referenc e
selected object
experiment ii
option indicates
match multiple
italian blogs
first concept
four context
frame using
works better
like ellipsis
feature streams
gesture feature
similar pronunciations
multiple english
indicative abstract
pp pp
individual corpora
lexical anaphora
grammar question
every application
raising rules
de nitions
conditional shift
es et
warning order
insufficient learning
acoustic realizations
aspect marking
expressions encoding
exercise would
collocational probabilities
annotator segments
current explanation
sentences near
see improvement
features manually
windows around
five utterances
user triggers
four kanzi
matching end
strong requirements
noun case
present analysis
korean characters
test experiment
easier task
ambiguity within
parser within
previous section
like np
crossing constraint
usc dean
using add
adjunction site
whether training
following table
example information
new heuristics
subsequence kernel
analysis relies
brief survey
inner probability
right arrow
general statistical
significant computational
devices like
candidates given
grammar trained
period indicates
mutual reinforcement
new propositional
long jump
semantic range
hand labeled
morphological productivity
wide spectrum
information integration
personal belief
higher authority
becomes slightly
gle de
percent compression
first volume
particular applications
biology domain
parsable pos
article consists
framework suitable
partial credit
world parsers
difficult enterprise
frankfurter rundschau
following clause
grows linearly
planning engineer
using shallow
representational network
knowledge built
expression represents
breaks using
malatesta et
sophisticated heuristic
simple project
information sciences
accuracy reported
interpretable input
compound names
substantial range
best explains
semantics given
basic linear
syntactic dependents
important contextual
deletion rules
systems introduced
binary nodes
improve quality
righthand side
approach alone
monolingual components
structures arc
last august
relational language
node splitting
hypotheses within
create systems
also covers
established discourse
existing similarity
target template
net worth
gert durieux
linear inequalities
without hand
pass 3
class task
extracting relations
certain groups
language names
decision task
cfg g
avoid poor
basic kind
tag skeleton
orthographic disambiguation
conversation analysts
processing allows
whose responsibility
pearl uses
proves effective
real dialogues
knowledge acquired
strings without
word 97
coherence cannot
reduced version
question type
right traversal
possible choice
engine framework
active object
development project
structure ambiguities
scope position
natural question
likely paths
substitute lexical
appropriate response
translation model
proposed tree
one criticism
voorhees 1996
standard statistical
categorial logic
design objective
initial question
combination approaches
le sentences
features capturing
resulting index
failure tendency
antecedent hypothesis
small passages
noun argument
nsf graduate
implemented learning
expression e
active gesture
schema representation
chosen number
next position
matrix sentence
system outperforms
type could
following limitations
double row
aggregate properties
many speech
group names
small target
paradigm description
sophisticated control
data unit
score indicates
different structure
added word
relationships also
particularly acute
processed texts
factors determine
degrades significantly
represented thoughts
difficult texts
new analysis
clause using
sophisticated feature
possible addition
global corpus
active frame
simple check
gs system
story text
refinement process
banerjee et
rst present
universite de
line 1
parsing techniques
head pp
officials said
verbs participating
bracket pairs
record contains
20 hypotheses
feasible approach
following derivation
interpolation method
undertake actions
tipster applications
incorporating non
planning consists
document ordering
july 2001
either multiple
global approach
5 dialogues
labels corresponding
raw linguistic
argument values
connect words
3 agent
hyperarticulated speech
probabilistic approach
civil rights
adapted text
reduced relatives
becomes exponential
relation held
global state
gold impurity
syntactic distinction
document segments
final grammatical
recognizes noun
interpreting discourse
spurious overgeneration
c begins
correlation factor
work reported
straightforward case
selecting appropriate
recent senseval
term b
text specifies
disclaimers apply
play tennis
operational systems
structure interpretation
bad guy
compounds whose
formal metalanguage
referential terms
regarde la
clarification strategies
baseline recognizer
upper side
sentence 16
hierarchical semantic
2 j
simple techniques
five combinations
fund name
detailed way
e set
packed representations
data relevant
user replies
file number
lexicon information
prosody system
de smedt
randomly pick
phonotactic resources
report results
actually improves
tv news
bipartite clustering
language problems
analyzer generates
discourse representations
second pp
system computes
case selection
un noyau
five days
verb break
max w
called syntax
tags suggested
trigger model
find processor
surface text
additional process
small extent
first wordnet
outside information
1 eat
rada mihalcea
morphemes within
use lemma
tigure 2
face dialogue
2 grammar
government patterns
token within
sentence grammatical
probability decrease
event recogniser
grammars induced
sets called
using ejv
underlying action
database entries
subsumption checks
senses share
tree using
evidence like
unregistered word
model reported
interpretative level
number possible
planning architecture
possible modification
whether l
human alignments
roles using
ontology described
several complications
matched patterns
alteration onset
containing repairs
verb valencies
items defined
monolingual analysis
spl expressions
procedural documents
conditional interpretation
alternatives would
join two
analyses revealed
results reported
within p
set following
subset includes
93 dialogs
modifiers respectively
directly simulate
accurate systems
boundary would
selected pair
several algorithms
paul ist
zero leaf
level operators
linguistic constraints
first arguments
pairs occurring
numerous advantages
generated information
transformation number
demonstrative pronouns
current method
reasonable estimates
productive inflectional
represent non
generates text
short articles
chemical elements
parallel resource
automatic way
rule containing
engineering platform
particular research
valid representation
clearly something
every symbol
shallow semantic
problem related
semantic terms
map word
keyboard input
state parsing
extra np
analytical engine
gregory grefenstette
fixed inventory
useful relations
200 ms
nql implementation
language units
linear space
systems deal
individual stories
specific need
analysts working
syntactic heads
test procedures
several schemes
6 coreference
class 6
parse chosen
course manual
prove helpful
order l
integration mechanisms
open data
2 unit
two systems
somewhat counter
unique challenge
theoretical level
processing costs
advantages compared
reduced term
case may
normalized cosine
disambiguating inferences
mapping relation
discourse participant
patient semantic
word go
representing proper
words align
one pseudo
e system
entries based
precision would
symbols x
40 minutes
another thing
directly precede
vectors sims
emmon bach
overlapping parts
un nora
p takes
overlapping windows
technique suggested
complex sequence
different persons
simple division
arguments also
chart indicates
54 instances
naturally lends
neighboring phonemes
specific ambiguity
best performer
systematic investigation
distinct languages
trees together
accuracy drops
experiments reported
english phrases
avoid exponential
syntactic analyses
term within
de meulder
verb give
p tuple
smallest distance
sentences mean
set consists
backtracking point
give preference
section applies
child processors
key technologies
written versions
entity would
italian corpus
semantic fact
much rarer
subjective ratings
elements correspond
novel idea
intensive method
102 sentences
provides access
much semantic
six participants
candidates remain
dialogue scenarios
linguistics tasks
rel marker
modern computer
modified procedure
produces context
parallel computation
depend critically
transitive graphs
compound tokens
depends heavily
adjacent bigrams
fixed character
passive saturation
specified conditions
3 n
related objects
building lexical
rises exponentially
idle subscriber
op6rateurs de
new baseline
neues netzwerk
subtree dominated
pages 40
sentence adverbs
like rules
term occurred
information graphics
restricted sub
specific conversational
features leads
pattern generation
four core
space like
swam across
knowledge constructs
also attempt
6 table
millions de
mark stickel
human choices
legal domains
length posterior
bates 1987
prepositional test
maximal projections
final comments
locative adverb
implementation level
another type
two search
patient may
specific predictions
generation facility
including reference
possible conclusion
evolving usage
deep domain
preference acquisition
embedding verb
type control
tipster research
alternate method
short time
system working
wordnet provides
parts tagger
certain threshold
shewa nah
original kernel
unigram probability
action description
preceding dialogue
final wp
f one
user made
database model
correspondence rules
psychological model
ci phone
5 ejv
features could
supervised bigram
much help
current news
several bugs
first choice
available pos
appropriate description
collaborative plan
automaton obtained
techniques cannot
phonological transcription
system primarily
expert could
data instead
basic proposition
working directory
seed sentences
satisfies two
transcription results
strategies defined
graphical objects
returns 1
early detection
predicate contain
concept named
knowledge effectively
kaplan natural
mann prospects
existing hpsg
extract opinion
item reference
syntactic transformation
level lexical
notorious problem
general construction
agents ask
support staff
200 instances
unified manner
resolution data
example x
suggest methods
complete lexicon
left index
among subjects
celex database
prepositions like
argument frames
larger sentences
usually produces
respective parents
third row
word leading
various points
japanese kana
units long
alternative grammar
jka k
explicit representations
cation model
semantic inter
underlying formalism
top n
performance assessment
classification systems
un message
dynamic verbs
exhaustive cky
system always
5 introduces
labels defined
supreme court
procedural structure
casual conversations
recent words
structured web
mere presence
iterative parameter
constraint space
specific rules
traditional linear
considerably simplifies
preferential treatment
one run
allen 1979
based construction
heuristic depends
two development
considered incorrect
perfective aspect
sentence per
distributional similarity
phonetic elements
red herring
e words
pairs carrying
conditions used
efficient deduction
ontology framework
several states
search first
method extracts
system assigned
jack arrived
human subjects
32 sentence
jill ate
control application
gert smolka
principle behind
clear explanation
short segment
mwu links
testing method
models define
two stacks
final round
cognitive operations
one school
quick development
head acceptors
last source
sont des
description pairs
les objets
interactive construction
sentences defined
existing plan
particular functional
chunking algorithm
using noun
2 senses
character c
scientific interest
baf corpus
grammatical subjects
boat sank
analysis via
feature combination
unsupervised parsing
technical field
weight exceeds
tile nodes
electronic commerce
current phonological
rating inference
deterministic sentence
either take
word instance
algorithm results
generic rule
sources typically
improve indexing
derivable categories
signing space
diagonal entries
words considered
capturing information
vector r
group reading
algorithm introduced
tuned weights
paradigmatic regularities
selection must
need information
semantic issues
argument classes
preference relation
root c
separate probabilities
students need
semantics defined
probabilities learned
descriptive expression
phonological correspondences
discriminative models
annotation based
carry frame
useful corpus
important methodological
default structure
gender agreements
another improvement
ten nouns
a7a10a9a12a11 a1a4a3a17a14a16a14
friendly interfaces
information locally
error model
feldman et
semantics principle
first modification
28 aoi
cognitive activity
descriptions assigned
independent phones
true accuracy
branching derivation
three evaluators
keeps track
1 intervals
google scholar
immediate neighbourhood
minimum frequency
speaker really
disambiguation criteria
4 components
input corpora
useful approach
augmented chart
translation suggestions
token length
recognition assistant
graphical modeling
free rule
pages contain
optional deep
available means
independent performance
john dean
common framework
random assignment
distributed environment
different subdomains
rough approximation
scorin g
human agent
partial specification
awkward sequences
relative improvements
specific referent
name n
cited examples
main directions
use stop
distributional contexts
second parser
individual speech
mcelree et
formula yields
message element
inherent ambiguity
neither algorithm
alternated forms
syntactical phrases
different edit
decoder described
also infer
extract part
existing studies
given resource
official documents
actions performed
variable threshold
cheap ones
contained instructions
remaining pps
language phrase
works bottom
a2a4a3 a5
pdt construction
reference world
long time
wordnet subtrees
exempli ed
creating word
clues used
argument frame
normal grammar
la seule
becomes greater
category specifications
narrative order
semantic decomposition
grained division
criterion 1
verb pp
class questions
domain documents
constraint requires
label f
three languages
discover paraphrases
problem including
ronald reagan
lexicon x
representation since
a11a14a16a20a3a22a21a12a11 a15
multiple indicators
cognate set
remove stop
single alignment
greedy search
elements include
unnecessary complications
mcdonald 83
grammatical gender
corrected sentences
guerrilla group
study follows
ctb corpus
commercial web
following pustejovsky
tag begins
priori semantic
considerable amounts
verbal targets
extra rules
prolog code
nodes named
positional alignment
lazy graph
original object
mission 444
syntactic matcher
training results
interface structure
node since
tools may
query noun
actual web
ipsyn scoring
direct goal
raw textual
training corl
format may
sublanguage component
class statistics
general assembly
english orthographic
final versions
literally thousands
unit sentences
category represents
several occurrences
un champ
speci es
party human
many teachers
common person
utterances taken
individual segment
key technology
original score
specifies whether
text simpli
memory decay
deux phonemes
forward co
mapping models
term length
negative evidence
single summary
original frame
level scheme
dolan et
user corrections
probability 0
condition p
distribution similarity
intended uses
third paragraph
broad picture
sufficient attention
block generation
confidence grew
following distinctive
problems resulting
rome air
hearer identify
la communication
close integration
unary partial
raised categories
1 assigns
lower part
highest similarity
ai tradition
connector nine
huge search
median accuracy
linguistic sense
text seems
dinner table
process typically
first conclusion
also focuses
alternation behaviour
database question
emphasis upon
english source
document would
parses contain
design phase
defining word
0 cbs
abstract resources
work offers
lpcfg models
best strategy
chain features
dijkstra algorithm
single query
interesting issue
partial mappings
uses human
lexical distributions
phonetic decoding
occur unless
simile format
alternative senses
category e
fast learning
understanding texts
dangling anaphors
time computation
models use
documents annotated
frequent relation
candidate vpcs
graph corresponding
december 2005
second closest
following picture
conceptual relationship
shared words
foreign person
negation test
lingual mt
relative proportion
4 analysis
atr english
nsf grants
value yes
text object
obligatory complements
singular proper
point 5
id 7
apply constraints
utterance fragments
relational models
alternative attachment
surface data
second weighting
problems created
detection performance
scale structures
korean speakers
mit fast
fine structure
local linguistic
tagged items
another attempt
ti condition
usual case
extraction approaches
mapping semantic
chong zhi
h word
worth saying
previous focus
crossing dependency
ergative case
part one
transduction process
hierarchical alignments
label sets
background edges
group relations
edp algorithm
extraneous phrases
relation gives
variant pairs
one sub
premier lieu
text frame
rules change
l2 acquisition
partitive noun
model offers
k onto
un symbole
feature scores
actual sense
single error
jang et
indexing engine
last component
students like
since terms
hanja conversion
english propbank
module may
output list
text filtering
xwn project
last sentences
input numerical
topics within
kangaroo hop
cr initiator
implementing binding
selects another
generative interpretation
iraqi government
object sequence
five trials
formal character
dialogue segment
information repositories
subject sentences
corresponding left
fifteen minutes
stack may
iff h
conditional likelihood
features requiring
topic label
domain structure
lookup module
consists mainly
bonnema et
another reference
2 link
grammar specialization
abductive inference
model combines
relations extracted
difficult question
combined translation
reasonable amount
plausibility judgments
encoding conventions
phonetic class
easy reference
compositional expression
language tagger
a11 a16a20a3a22a21a12a11a23a15
majority opinion
similarity checking
passive sentence
row show
much clearer
theoretical maximum
con rmation
mapping may
particular combination
extracting term
possible objection
minimum subset
classifiers considering
unknown morphemes
rather titan
graphic form
several case
concise descriptions
multimodal utterances
system suggests
model structures
backward score
minimal cognitive
described objects
matching clause
technical fields
constructed list
background material
discounted estimate
last january
course much
four information
integration module
65 speakers
early flight
lexical surface
lexical extraction
concernant la
different verbs
head value
frames contain
different tense
among constituents
construction mechanism
argument pair
many intermediate
study comparing
handle ambiguities
common training
model initialization
campaign finance
adequate manner
role value
one schema
essential information
whereas rule
taggers working
arabic stemmer
tl grammar
formula 7
pour pouvoir
missed opportunities
extended semantics
following result
better approach
given pp
best hypothesis
answer db
set learned
existing types
multiple sets
mother x
less convenient
tag conditional
timbl package
flight connecting
maxent model
preferred translation
agent semantic
au probl
use singular
met maria
close correspondence
unrestricted case
reference planning
handle languages
recognition board
discriminating descriptions
original states
distinctive key
foreign accents
four alternatives
collective sense
cluster b
existing techniques
observed sentence
factors discussed
basic functions
keyword indexing
scores range
20 languages
expressed ill
meeting corpus
features enable
rst sentence
preference models
different disciplines
group might
mother tongue
support operations
idiomatic expression
passive learning
adjusted frequencies
contains n
inadequate dictionary
speech files
label prediction
mobile information
comparative adverb
four buttons
verb pos
combine three
annotation convention
expansion process
sentence yields
rows list
binary data
initial distribution
immediate components
global minimum
atis ti
oriented processing
voting model
displays used
xue sheng
unique label
argument identification
action whose
annotations indicating
functional factoring
skolem constants
inherent complexity
chunk structures
frame tests
processing level
memory activity
mumis project
captures linguistic
grammatical constituents
african government
main distinction
perceptron models
language enables
considering data
lexicon representations
two horizontal
correct node
linguistic generalizations
cluster size
complex grammatical
z model
saw bill
tfs f
infinite variety
contain part
ontological entities
predicates representing
world context
remove punctuation
22 verbs
baseline measures
reasoning algorithms
weight 1
first test
queries use
optimal candidate
entire noun
text transcription
des niveaux
achieve goal
medical system
lexical theory
study described
per instance
classic examples
context module
data labeling
binary combinations
languages due
since inter
ambiguous triples
empty positions
negative tag
referents may
embedded pronoun
meeting records
remains however
agent may
adding rules
prototypical agents
distributional inclusion
possible syllabifications
effect might
et linguistique
summary depends
common projection
structure around
class features
pronoun case
text classiflcation
linearity constraint
language terms
decision features
systematic account
gold market
class also
general transducers
program relies
concepts linked
agent first
decision also
markov probability
actual frequency
average dialogue
new cycle
respective expressions
redundant entries
data view
wrapper around
temporal relationship
directional flow
structural specifications
circumstantial elements
formulas p
specific elements
standard montague
therefore perform
igen produces
intuitionistic linear
corresponding pre
compression performance
interface technologies
clarification questions
thousand times
context agents
either result
across document
system explanation
p elements
de bases
english component
speaker asserts
level element
possibilities would
outer domains
introducing ambiguity
grammatical salience
english sentences
based diagnosis
six categories
relations represent
interpretatio n
paper using
bigram baseline
broad area
focused entity
path connecting
tree editing
passive auxiliary
later versions
identifying objects
la deuxi
distribution ql
robust results
containing words
small n
funded projects
two ships
descriptors chosen
rosenfeld et
analyze complex
string left
processing routines
optional secondary
structure grammars
conceptual relation
segment order
street joumal
phoneme system
related studies
comparative construction
representation found
simple average
differential comparative
e ps
scores computed
prosodic constituents
secondary cvts
p ranges
macro detection
graph defined
show tile
clouds sometimes
hownet concepts
either implicit
reliable comparison
1 becomes
semantic regularities
single category
two triples
lexical head
existential quantifiers
start tag
five target
category terrorist
statistical non
r f
overall mean
authors suggest
marc dymetman
partial phonemic
html source
following complex
a17 a18
belief reports
sentence produced
dan gildea
temporal data
note however
probabilistic latent
logic theories
example string
classifier developed
think seriously
class room
free base
fragment structures
specific annotation
particular english
presents difficulties
rooted trees
table understanding
lingual domain
verb means
formal detail
information sources
syntactic definition
maximal projection
katakana word
system infers
general chinese
procedures based
distinctions may
known algorithms
duo li
means may
transcript data
sentences play
unsupervised algorithm
binding layer
commencer la
primary categories
given strings
overall simplicity
definition fields
category described
clinical practice
torisawa et
topically coherent
demon shown
manual annotations
structured forms
require finding
specifies one
hvs model
details omitted
gold test
first flight
context preceding
explanation systems
key events
compound proper
dark brown
affinity relation
ambiguous results
compatibility relation
procter et
proposed parsing
lexalp project
visual mental
spanning tree
connectionist component
prototype stage
state corresponds
simple view
recognition project
document handling
comme nous
right decision
term rewriting
cluster distance
processing assumptions
techniques require
labelled dependency
special marking
cognitive networks
a33 a34
standard incremental
verbs expressing
semantic identifier
every tv
exemplary instance
statistical base
boundary friction
tough movement
information belonging
careful hand
non standard
pair english
singular term
situation would
possible derivation
noticeable improvement
outer loop
theoretic semantics
sense entropy
distinction entre
analogical framework
understanding model
interaction plan
data taken
different conventions
scope readings
abbreviation resolution
texts studied
models appears
complete rule
three boys
aliased application
first handles
including simple
entre des
publishing houses
manual evaluations
every surface
sequence features
subjectivity score
probability depends
interpretation makes
two seconds
takes advantages
conversation corpus
java program
efficient optimization
larger amount
seed pairs
ir task
alternative formulations
constituent inhibition
topic page
initial fricatives
qui les
expressions refer
coverage probabilistic
propositional complements
pattern application
person object
standard chinese
angeles times
group proper
role set
johnson features
command language
method provided
sufficient merely
incorrect verb
rules matching
forms e
project kit
individual investors
input speech
explicit links
symbolic processing
contract n00014
direct references
qa tasks
adjacent paragraph
complex questions
w3c recommendation
retrieved texts
subtrees associated
messages without
method looks
initial element
based hmm
rules map
keyboard conversation
given pos
produce proper
scopal ambiguities
turn back
headword annotation
detect dependencies
conversation side
particular modality
recent approaches
language messages
prioritized theorist
linguistic forms
context specification
parsing mechanism
frequent semantic
unknown distribution
1 bataille
relevant part
differences greater
occurring dialogue
results difficult
opinion expressed
query module
confidence scores
argument ordering
punctuation markers
related project
new england
embedded constituent
bilingual concordancer
tag triples
methods learn
performance learning
systems promise
recognition scope
local rule
trees encode
multiple anchors
syn head
analyzed dependency
classifications made
language community
size segments
sentence 7
good predictor
apparent violation
semantic word
previous inputs
word concept
properties denoted
bit vector
mentioned entity
resolving ambiguities
formation process
substitution node
reinforcement learning
naval command
tree 0
translation distribution
combine various
output values
corresponding base
users interacting
model generally
next branch
little cost
lig l
enforce constraints
language issues
bold letters
many brackets
optimization step
labelled instances
optimum size
feature specifications
paraphrasing task
sortal information
potential correspondent
intervening discourse
software uses
sri employees
null due
representation generated
th rule
every theory
component indicates
german verbmobil
separate segment
simple mechanism
eme task
results generally
recognition techniques
clauses connected
algorithmic component
based dla
pcfg rule
distance calculation
constraints derived
different datasets
type patterns
learner data
properties selected
popular models
declarative clause
dictionary systems
hierarchy used
first demonstrate
temporal queries
speaker produces
ili concepts
original case
higher impact
uttered phones
financial institution
one stream
optimal ones
darpa contract
first eojeol
likely translation
component parts
partitioning method
sense disambiguating
n occurring
latter becomes
scanning step
standard drt
actual forms
role system
return nil
wsj articles
second fragment
answer candidate
categorization approach
ix 1
another student
need manual
plausible structures
keyword analysis
transducer r
tile language
several months
match results
distributed computing
differ along
feature represents
phonological properties
baseline experiments
constraints necessary
operators list
e params
particular subtasks
35 percent
discount packages
source hmms
extract answers
one research
necessary properties
whereas non
human cost
multiple criteria
adapted models
lattices generated
distributional techniques
overlap among
carpenter vector
linguistic utterance
comparative adjective
capture relationships
advanced learner
syntagmatic similarity
first table
tile relationship
integrated score
tagged term
zaharin 86
leads us
generated string
hundred verbs
trajectory invariance
contains six
posterior distributions
3 suggests
model theories
several properties
determining information
available options
binding condition
lower pitch
across parallel
exercises using
question turns
metrics cannot
constraints process
goggled john
resulting phrase
using explicit
time parser
lexical gap
every head
many processes
interface technology
social relevance
coupled system
cbas system
april 1993
sd models
reported system
sample word
olp constraint
two resources
second system
portability issues
functor sign
great difficulties
first clause
translator must
modifying head
offer one
rule form
capture context
hypernym expansion
argumentative role
50 articles
adjective followed
500 rules
order indicated
successful analysis
text metadata
wsj grammar
rough english
looks good
diaper bag
detectable error
overall f1
frequency cannot
simple matter
case n
following results
specific class
arrow pointing
crucial factor
darpa sponsored
pair retrieve
scope orders
benchmark graph
unification step
ou elements
specific instantiations
type representations
best parse
pargram project
recognition lattice
gram modeling
feedback loop
whole dictionary
though nothing
integrate speech
whole tree
kraut et
node merging
expectation path
features appropriately
end generator
data cells
overal l
shows 10
dynamic program
principal types
original argument
gram similarity
phonological descriptions
semrel structure
trains two
manager detects
normative grammar
boosted decision
valuable advice
questions regarding
empirical content
open bracket
distributed problem
errors detected
consistency rules
christmas day
study addresses
certain np
adverb position
autour de
actual utterance
e il
let pr
time soon
tagged treebank
language based
spelling system
unit pairs
directional reading
preferential order
computational resources
phrases tend
le m6me
represent sub
cluster length
several descriptions
indirect evaluation
mrf prior
interface description
des conditions
segmented languages
model employing
different optimization
build text
hyponymy relationship
stress acquisition
frequent target
five alignments
picturequest application
ordering problems
many mt
first byte
transcribed training
good predictions
relational abstractions
size increase
whether v
typical users
2003 corpus
potential areas
potential matches
pilot tests
estimation procedures
hand tagging
first transforms
group based
algorithm c4
realistic input
query specification
using seed
coreference classes
different hidden
stop actions
theoretical investigation
satellite precedes
character prefix
advanced level
characteristics may
final particle
patterns resulting
simple thresholding
decision lists
approaches exist
14 indicators
head words
story may
structures directly
conll98 workshop
surface semantic
c stands
subcategorization features
answer taxonomy
cognitive status
trees according
words vector
types included
utterance even
semantic chunking
annotation model
silo interfaces
underlying ontology
baseline used
agenda items
textual databases
search functions
equivalent text
papillon platform
automatic checking
odds feature
separate alternative
thesaurus terms
procedure based
bound anaphora
steps 5
appropriate variable
transducer used
000 compound
avoid repetition
remaining types
compound term
shows consistent
si results
dtw alignment
fewest words
thus becomes
bearing function
different input
obtenir la
given evaluation
grammar testers
referent introduced
state action
count adverbials
many pieces
order v
ambiguities could
direct anaphoric
3 plots
command relation
gene product
enhanced set
joint model
f interest
exploit information
gram contexts
interim test
one unification
structures onto
lexicon developed
multilingual ontology
box et
db attributes
art information
contains 97
annealing parser
conceptual semantic
parser significantly
semantic event
generate correct
multiple training
higher pitch
often sparse
terrorist domain
kuplec et
cation scheme
new aspect
generates semantic
reads one
create nodes
two independence
parallel processor
situation expressed
second words
vpieriedi niegho
svo word
coarse polysemy
systematic differences
hypernym given
two dummies
output frames
automaton representing
corresponding edges
logica l
recursive nonterminal
complex embedded
conventional mt
translated corpus
grained representation
verb implies
specific experimental
two uncertainty
focusing mechanisms
batch runs
intonational structure
forms described
gerritsen 78
interaction types
equation yields
arguments presented
mechanism provides
index word
uses flat
context p
highest weights
update language
pairs marked
ontological relationships
interaction techniques
real challenge
table directly
three grammars
character level
pei et
predicate transfer
dat arie
2 cells
given arc
subject pairs
score module
head surrogates
reasoning engine
linguistic grids
theory covers
misclassification function
gene function
last paragraphs
complete non
resulting tagger
evaluation values
technical material
models shown
grammatical topic
mainly use
language typology
le lendemain
probability alone
order seems
judgments may
parameters required
agreement within
root level
object represented
positive predictions
des crit
open proposition
minus two
chinese parser
18 classes
segment parsing
center rule
let ph
full sharedplan
noun soldier
semantic metalanguage
metric counts
exemple la
parallel set
sujet de
referential indices
current test
ltering step
include morpho
grammatical parse
discourse organization
clause depends
perfect model
expectation potentials
1998 association
l wants
passive counterpart
commentary corpus
es huus
whole meaning
le noyau
call discourse
patterns contained
parse module
rules selected
section 11
recognized sentences
markov window
search direction
nominal constituent
semantic model
derived fl
innovative approaches
behooves us
mail address
certain period
framenet roles
sound system
tile relation
output classes
work already
testing graph
structure determination
therefore serve
binary semantic
constraint information
kissing mary
finite parse
efficient tool
given value
sense refers
using p
errors identified
generally outperforms
percentage figure
intrasentential coreference
variation across
labeling procedure
new classifier
compliant document
boosting model
null unfortunately
averaged results
produces partial
verb set
adaptation training
data matches
generated readings
incremental manner
reliable pairs
probabilities rather
order score
extracting phrases
additional verbs
gives insight
rule caused
directional relations
articles could
based concordance
feature sets
novel verbs
node labels
within pps
layout analysis
optimal compression
rule adds
plural entities
rate relative
strategy fails
automata minimization
employ techniques
worth observing
positive rules
thodes formelles
representation may
fol lowing
ed l
large counts
expert readers
difficulty encountered
lie within
independence model
aligns sentences
per concept
thus offers
th non
individual transfer
grammar signatures
inevitably contain
generative grammars
justice department
input interface
standard japanese
computes p
predicate containing
ranked set
unified approach
lower reading
andrews trading
model already
parse scoring
report numbers
word look
legal issues
cross referencing
proposed algorithm
known case
explicitly mentions
error distribution
time value
roughly correspond
duc document
text commentary
differing properties
march 31
temporal association
natural move
unigram constraints
word q
western society
column labelled
actual child
ranks possible
evaporate almost
tutor system
pair represents
confirm information
indexes texts
window gives
establishing links
matrix verb
fe coverage
expertise required
mercury expansion
several computational
weak language
hyponymy relation
include dependencies
state formalism
full muc
assumes two
tag dt
consecutive tags
present performance
maximum speed
containing sequences
occurrences examined
thus combines
chinese repairs
6 documents
knowledge system
feature described
includes e
supporting information
dependency trees
two periods
60 test
translation document
encoding rules
verb vj
mbl framework
two reasons
berwick generative
early development
world factbook
since word
directed arrows
smaller values
i0 shows
detail one
practical necessity
tagger produces
systems handle
chat room
recall using
synonymy relations
vocabulary rate
descriptions associated
swedish sentences
two nodes
strong nominalization
interesting part
operation occurs
neto et
akikan kong
initial parallel
many domain
minor breaks
proceeds left
xslt scripts
weighted subsequence
0 phys
marker insertion
important function
structure identification
available candidates
structures including
depen dency
national football
full brevity
definite determiner
control theory
verb system
communication strategies
states represent
new course
sentence perception
language regularities
english pairs
minor difference
rufolo story
precedence constraints
one generator
ldc corpus
definition 1
sentence co
practical n
38 words
cnf rules
probability tbr
size would
linear position
cohesive text
pair e
categories positive
write simple
companies may
argument would
oracle function
last edge
coreference pair
system ranking
also assigns
interdependent variables
wordnet synonym
lexical tape
paraphrasing questions
35 words
single transformation
value tree
phonetic hmms
standard back
translation r
score remains
segmentation systems
english paragraphs
using default
module functions
wordnet top
computer synthesized
ranked system
tasks remain
two la
weighted subsequences
wordnet features
mitkov et
principles allow
sql server
carmeltc approach
number p
syntactic parameter
tagging project
sense c
label sequence
context profiles
type cons
find problems
improvements made
wordnet also
slot rows
user typed
primary motivation
ito grant
graphical means
first ig
similar strings
sort order
secondary word
word modification
backoff strategies
user data
procedure calls
physical knowledge
dog house
3 reports
fruitful area
score cut
final pattern
terminology lists
structural criteria
improves retrieval
indicate problems
pages containing
node admissibility
component modules
procedure de
initial filter
new year
specialized fields
staged architecture
2 matches
corpus consisting
wide array
often represent
rate may
rule productions
equation 7
synonymous collocation
shafran et
assign sense
strict pattern
create text
analysis systems
puis il
tree correspondence
null formance
together number
constructions also
europarl test
selection component
examples discussed
target image
show overall
using computers
data signals
mapping functions
letter recognition
spatial preposition
computation proceeds
text properties
simple hypernormal
sophisticated mechanisms
x b
choice point
identified boundaries
sublanguage used
based outlier
useful phrases
root transformations
compare p
paris et
system functionalities
two branches
data part
new interest
world information
frame interpreter
along paths
objects manipulated
accuracy depending
mark lauer
niehren et
aspect v
strict synonyms
stamatatos et
meaning relationships
intended act
returned answers
specific probability
technology applications
tutor words
hasegawa et
japanese allows
multiple parses
library ranking
form derived
vector j
variant corpora
general resource
possible result
verbs across
parameter b
tags results
evolving language
200 times
steps needed
thesaurus based
composition system
evaluating retrieval
language gaps
mechanism built
intermediate objects
different ambiguity
errors seem
abstract language
continuous path
resources association
flee text
phoneme sequences
bresnan 82
measur e
channel input
constructions involved
existential graphs
generally yield
add constraints
repeated occurrences
another bunsetsu
naturel de
form b
idea described
system prior
language texts
accented vowel
erel system
alignments using
1 mb
different discourse
auto maker
five functions
depicted events
given set
louella uses
edge corresponding
semantic question
contains approx
multiple sequence
lth iteration
scale learning
use involves
common grammatical
previous occurrence
components together
spontaneous atis
open agent
enough sentences
class co
possible implicit
blank questions
f deg
pilot user
inflectional type
lcs representation
training utterances
verb words
france telecom
text descriptions
relaxation process
lexical primitives
million hits
continuous function
require deeper
creation procedure
different conversational
domain events
atis database
nominal compound
dialogue containing
account would
class inherits
dependent summarization
existing representation
model sentence
boundaries indicators
e cases
maarten de
verb v30
legal term
di eugenio
one measure
state representing
simple disambiguation
segments relevant
equals relation
woman saw
undergoing cabg
quality items
unpublished work
evaluation seems
output pair
major design
translation database
generation lexicon
decrease performance
template fragments
individual pieces
intelligence laboratory
one formula
variable rules
extraposed elements
morphosyntactic level
false hit
words segmented
produce texts
vb np
line 3
monolingual performance
temporal nouns
svm using
training scenario
pp sequences
current clause
sang et
values even
maximum hits
computer games
box smoothing
a16a17a15 a18
help supervised
created thesaurus
wer measure
assisted language
greater influence
strings c
speaker used
la port
projective conclusion
ordinating conjunctions
martin chodorow
extracted features
vocabulary speaker
particular sets
training language
via p
time versus
production x
subsidiary relationships
fares well
many dogs
node address
candidate set
likelihood x
prototype version
features attached
obvious part
technique introduced
candidate outputs
pip foo
news streams
k terms
acoustic noise
semantic correctness
certain slot
outmost entities
give instructions
account linguistic
one loss
categories discussed
network includes
used methods
model learning
compact set
denote arbitrary
abstracts created
np receives
user queries
good quality
trivial classes
population size
reading aloud
evaluation score
lewis ii
spoken commands
accurate text
webdict tralex
fewer edges
form larger
barbara j
access time
without text
error driven
international symposium
describe morphological
given system
period p
new estimate
highest strength
class pattern
cell line
order computations
task results
shared feature
frequency ones
find cases
sentence following
particular idiom
job title
sample question
base statistical
northern dutch
learner may
white ball
combined score
texts need
principles 1
resources may
dialogue cannot
pages 225
object features
marked meaning
satisfiability procedure
american articles
phonological realizations
consuming work
current limitations
quantifier scopings
constraint x
collocation system
pair sets
a0 j
index ix
propositions conveyed
seven minutes
pas encore
words document
previous paragraph
feature person
john suggested
classifier 2
certain action
component word
le champ
contrast maintenance
common adverbs
two text
form within
kasper 1987
similar means
gram project
temporal extent
results depending
phrase structural
extended itg
associated f
condition ensures
hierarchic view
processor performs
van heuven
one correlation
interpretation must
words quite
pdf documents
current derivation
accessible online
rules designed
katakana character
measure may
selected non
1 indicating
time system
linear patterns
future utterances
linking path
sun 4
f 1
bracketing conditions
shown figure
performs best
writing process
sentences identified
third constituent
acceptable noun
cannot require
focusing attention
nps preceding
second operator
theoretical account
project ist
inflexional word
c belongs
perform fine
corelex approach
languages vary
melodic contour
stress may
contains city
technology research
new meanings
2005 task
published version
r 9
final phoneme
object involved
result consists
cannot evaluate
psychological experiments
end use
perl implementation
psycholinguistic phenomena
paraphrasing power
parser speed
since model
ce processus
discourse clues
probabilistic component
score p
future scenario
comma intonation
also becomes
coordinate noun
tfa attribute
arabic root
ject domain
adjusted recall
disjunctive feature
reduced vector
interesting consequence
users usually
lexical boundaries
involves relation
15 person
valency dictionary
systematic linguistic
contracted form
systemic notation
0 head
known properties
within verbmobil
inactive chart
intensional definition
lingual machine
specialized meanings
diet session
conjunctive concept
generation would
expressions according
arpa program
research agenda
effective rule
different referent
general formalisms
realization level
extended symbols
des phrases
path constraints
cooking recipes
scott miller
factor word
joe thinks
coverage within
propositions along
a0 pa1
macintosh systems
term definitions
recognizer would
pauline system
former results
morphotactic component
first man
model 5
adjunction sites
rules concerned
grammar probabilities
presentation mode
performance actually
lexical style
parse p
top concept
representing sentences
threshold probability
system u
project would
dictionary made
relevant reading
insert adjunct
matching results
final context
le symbole
200 documents
geometric average
lloce topics
process faster
generic schema
consistent structures
turn repairs
template matching
dynamic ranges
via composition
nagao et
close cooperation
acronym adm
bit signatures
full english
speech act
shares many
posterior density
first result
witness set
function tree
character counts
107 entries
inductive machine
similar evaluation
strict context
abbreviatory devices
position since
system modification
always corresponds
gram types
c language
data centers
method includes
continue using
subject dp
numbers represent
sentence relationships
ntt basic
studied problem
yield high
become visible
exp cover
candidate landmarks
flu virus
additional hidden
text architecture
gram techniques
forward trellis
english plural
abstract relation
column 1
core modules
constraints thus
semantic character
lower side
collocation words
highest performing
individual domain
associated sets
next challenge
work relies
whose magnitude
mary adores
based rankings
question becomes
similarity matching
least semi
focus structure
student certainty
conversational backgrounds
different complexity
piece data
ambiguity tags
simple manner
dependent training
concept dictionary
formed substrings
old topic
logical relationships
resulting term
peaked distribution
important details
useful source
right adjacent
fiscus et
locative pp
phrasal terms
building plan
desired documents
picture breaks
four readings
semantic operators
capture information
value among
order case
closest antecedent
approach involves
reported approaches
18 case
pure pattern
verb treat
primary uses
separate transfer
units selected
general graphs
punctuation mark
research articles
split compounds
additional input
ssn model
dcu2 describes
obvious manner
time words
three reviewers
larger experiment
complex regular
value restriction
novel input
individual candidate
authored documents
syntax structure
preference strategy
significant error
practical concerns
one refers
failure causes
television broadcaster
based locality
logical context
lavelli et
contain technical
larger corpora
instance relation
interrupted segment
adjectives derived
exceptions include
syntactic subtrees
cannot express
developing systems
generate plausible
context effect
java class
achieve success
model relies
choice since
50 randomly
direct governor
least fixpoint
significance scores
one nl
tile target
process documents
specific generation
nli systems
australian language
texts like
words used
system actually
anglais et
gpsg category
3000 examples
elided material
angular distance
particular framework
called inter
recent biocreative
response fill
intentional relations
html document
summarization based
example 2
individual participants
seeking game
rule approach
tree tbr
language model
frequency unknown
pairs representing
np constituent
also offers
process two
experiments aiming
rate metric
gram lattice
recognition mechanism
facilitate searching
following description
mckeown 1994
performance parameters
interface program
laplacian prior
word typically
cw corpus
random agreement
help clarify
coding theory
italian component
n tags
lexical distance
frequent n
include names
top ranking
one observation
pattern extraction
informative samples
similar value
language theoretic
arrival place
message unit
deictic temporal
linguistic devices
mark constituents
parsing methodologies
slots filled
italian sentences
complex entities
questions need
legal texts
emission models
items together
compelling reasons
work often
functional concept
language similar
incremental reading
two metrics
sentences seem
detailed processing
genitive phrases
yields information
fact supports
model assigning
italian students
small quantities
turkish words
contains new
feature projection
fa zhan
a7 a7
transformational languages
small engines
robust language
prolog version
also combines
jmdict project
fixed locutions
across articles
linguistic processing
source symbol
explicit clues
boc vectors
article error
pos sequence
ambiguous utterances
create data
major determinant
article extracts
baseline bigram
encoding initiative
tion pa
unit according
sri core
highest average
first area
groups found
like coffee
classified cue
data form
saw help
particular person
separate processes
short ones
outperform random
string tuples
various means
research unit
heim 1982
weak models
second preference
strong relationships
use unlabeled
head assumption
language media
significant noise
new user
gaze behavior
lexical cohesiveness
example knowledge
segment corresponds
model often
national anthem
reverse connection
get added
value matrices
7 domain
orange juice
propositional meaning
satisfying results
semantic lexical
information collected
merges two
expression z
procedure similar
singular propositions
normal part
context created
dictionaries could
minimization algorithm
process even
relevant relations
pragmatic constraints
1 method
subjacency condition
clarit system
hand tuning
key elements
single definition
laboratory conditions
since question
passive verb
dimension vector
unix users
operation b
automatic processing
results often
url constraint
conventional sentence
entry points
constitutive relation
derive implicit
complexity metrics
lattice according
early results
restrictive role
starting positions
one c
serious computational
often words
labeling strategy
bayes classifier
criterion 3
linguistic tier
french hansards
null dency
rules whtch
always lead
mahajan et
dialogue participants
appropriate attributes
nite number
part 1
spoken information
student response
graphical representation
actual processing
turkish syntax
base construction
defined relations
two utterances
learning extraction
experimental database
four orders
given role
arcs indicate
sentences exhibiting
data regardless
improvement compared
load alternation
4 performance
distance one
adjectives within
avoir un
using chasen
recursive nature
second assumption
gratefully acknowledges
conceptual completion
ontological information
detect relations
semantic detail
vision processing
hundred rules
performance test
rewriting process
comparing machine
structural markup
di fferent
domination predicates
operational data
yield state
synonymous phrases
variable elements
lexicon 2
medical abstracts
paper depends
feature l
potential contributions
phone rings
examples 15
existing morpho
nition 2
simple equality
across time
materials consisted
indefinite set
les 616ments
nr constructions
information crucial
ne choushoku
powerful features
process structure
feedback messages
chinese words
based pos
10 prolog
alternative ones
major part
predefined set
basic classifiers
dental stop
coherence principle
another frequent
directly generates
whole world
work needed
target problem
goal behind
identifying strength
change candidate
mainly contains
webber 80b
complicated ones
experiment 6
rule files
robustness techniques
word observed
types rather
constituent layer
5 points
proved completeness
weight k
problem word
reasoner uses
international news
various evaluation
great interest
core noun
dependency corpus
useful component
heavy reliance
000 lemmata
proposed formalism
qualitative information
three segments
improving accuracy
say something
candidate role
nakano et
computer program
related study
node name
cohesive relation
bnc frequencies
develop computer
select best
state analysis
positive class
lr parsers
general parser
uniform method
two daughters
fragmentary parsing
reasonable time
intuitive interpretation
offiine parsability
learning theory
et qu
maximal score
labels together
dependency approach
better source
assumption 4
brackets represent
phonemic segment
former ceo
different elements
build models
wordnet entry
grade de
immediately arises
reithinger et
explicit feedback
potential intentions
accurate data
contain proper
grammar a0
2 form
remain unattached
without data
discourse construction
individual ones
tag belongs
ongoing efforts
main parameter
sentence receives
find terms
official record
prolog term
motor co
model needed
web feature
simple cfg
stone et
future paper
necessary distinctions
best sense
paths correspond
texts examined
electronic kanji
selection pairs
plausible interpretations
structure would
abstract models
points would
grammatical constraint
knowledge related
acl reviewers
stronger claim
suggest possible
seem awkward
software documentation
basenp information
across segment
san diego
sentences together
user first
wind phrases
processing seems
questions like
act operators
whose dimensions
author intends
function tag
complex pattern
translation probabilities
mmr metric
rmrs construction
evalb program
verbs relate
v w
optimal solution
different ranges
sense drink1
particular training
observed vectors
system test
case fillers
long ones
representational framework
early eighties
corpus instead
transcripts used
predicted tag
interaction mechanism
deal wit
verb sequences
types 4
cue occurrence
response fills
ls task
users get
variable initiative
last experiment
pure context
outside knowledge
language question
e indicates
managing gigabytes
joint distribution
overall accuracy
evaluation case
art lexicalized
uses em
big board
first indication
rule uses
underlying notion
asks memory
similar set
methods reported
conceptual generalization
minimal label
event also
davidsonian treatment
hyper relation
incorrect results
cutting el
actually builds
drawing evidence
different annotation
resulting texts
darpa funded
standard parser
representations correspond
prior dialogue
composition operator
continuous values
whose applicability
rho framework
real advantage
automated construction
generates n
building techniques
previous methods
utterance events
functional arguments
filtered set
conventional interpretations
sorting method
value disjunctions
data reveal
lp model
information among
su 88
model recognition
unigram distributions
expected agreement
notes pane
flat classifier
communication problem
two combinations
greatest score
weight coefficient
function among
accurately estimate
routing task
driven program
old opera
traffic information
kamm et
two numbers
generation rule
additional ambiguity
based means
first results
called zero
pair training
strong claim
parameters learned
verb directly
generated knowledge
coreference would
every constructor
tag language
difficult customer
crown pzm
operative nodes
operates according
5000 lines
following scenario
properties whose
confusable pairs
w whose
training models
third position
approach significantly
latent features
lexical property
basic concept
equivalent selection
relevant corpus
aggregate query
level grammar
extract hypernyms
penultimate stress
trivial case
relations including
virtual machine
look forward
short form
syntactic decisions
features plus
immediate left
binary functions
ne items
noun expression
rejection rates
uncertainty reduction
apparent error
siemens ag
following language
constraint attached
a0a2a1a4a3 a59
2 trees
terry really
link scores
little relevance
parser proposed
feedback based
given access
single prediction
high co
word derivation
relevant approach
makes perfect
news captions
prime minister
recall tests
shows translation
plan without
automatic process
runtime environment
order properties
constructed lexicon
list element
15 parses
polysemous classes
relations appear
customized version
instance selection
central goal
refinement rules
algorithm may
syntax directed
baseline speech
sentence despite
indique que
analysed corpus
time polynomial
class ca
word labeled
represent english
edges per
earlier report
tokenization w
internal arguments
recognition routine
nonfinite verb
grammar grammar
1994 q1
template structure
schema based
chunk recognition
occurs somewhere
vital facts
reference analysis
linear precedence
processing account
satisfy rule
supervised ones
sentences pairs
fragments using
right rule
generate indirect
analysis made
extraction modules
similar system
stage could
kappa coefficients
core event
baseline accuracies
bodenreider et
argument slots
competing tuples
predicate form
extract translations
use bilingual
cannot develop
two projects
type organization
acoustic analyses
grams would
interactions involving
integrated architecture
acoustic cues
slots used
parking spaces
good heuristics
deese antonyms
general evaluation
nonterminal domain
accuracy given
kim et
style classification
time access
level unit
current ie
speaker spoke
stop leaflet
languages often
constituent condition
john take
confirmation turns
hypotheses proposed
classification data
local sub
system heard
variables begin
deterministic search
last iteration
parser action
tracking task
state whether
contrary evidence
prepared answers
verification model
people need
update procedure
many multi
human relevance
rcc net
minimum length
er wei
r 6
percent accuracy
unsupervised analysis
key attributes
tsutsumi intermediate
always improves
arbitrary symbol
target synonym
subtle issues
model via
constraints regarding
chelba et
describe data
provides word
parser treats
many nonterminals
whose point
weight 3
system handles
confusion syllable
head final
target features
smaller segments
term rules
class iv
alternative form
manager process
events corresponding
second feature
cardinal number
legend corporation
handle differences
history file
condition concerning
generator may
different columns
case reports
additional rules
preferred argument
results via
transfer process
nearest neighbors
marx et
flies like
either language
input domain
words fall
paragraph breaks
parsing stage
probabilistic measures
two queries
people behave
current result
final constituent
explicit construction
arc probability
speech comparison
diverse paths
sv2ls tr
many machine
projects would
utterance whose
tackle problems
operator p
several years
cheap wine
precise characterization
nouns may
assumption holds
city block
thus sentence
total numberof
proper training
reduce moves
translated phrases
au syst
group propositions
status features
people interpret
sense level
english experiment
appropriate strategy
simple tokens
future models
two relation
important classes
time operator
ranking documents
existing le
reporting results
meat plate
basic ranking
output would
rule conditions
subject pro
approach come
test sentence
skip transitions
hpsg using
fact use
framework defines
natural grammar
u assigns
english corpora
short answers
det u
search engines
form groups
interest may
existing body
initial grammar
resulting entries
six clusters
becomes essential
phonetic symbol
variable instantiations
substantiating performance
potential relations
feasible pairs
fragment recognition
admissible solution
constant penalty
isolated words
measure gives
include phrase
transitive feature
marking postpositions
used feature
common occurrences
used examples
overall comparison
similarity calculations
conjugate gradient
hearer know
arabic web
account non
empirical evaluations
strings shown
answer correctly
quality reference
mt task
incremental approach
rate improved
iraq possesses
symbol decision
org entities
slot whose
concise condition
led derek
produce human
like jj
cyclic transformations
37 times
version using
patient reports
relation conveyed
independent generator
ridf values
sets also
processing states
specify tasks
desired response
nlp framework
paris 1988
lr mdp
ascii strings
2 tokens
normalization method
attention shifting
general value
terms representing
xed number
associative clauses
head transducer
3 templates
a1 dat
reference ontology
cue words
cannot see
left boston
students using
language recognizer
information pertaining
4 deg
computing requirements
unique strings
ainsi un
similar words
shared parts
dimensional features
underspecified representation
different attributes
network provides
je le
equivalent target
fast search
equivalent linear
r denotes
documents contained
related areas
fei xia
basic functionalities
ratcliff 1992
different class
category per
pattie du
simone teufel
incomplete set
april 2006
development programme
alternative trees
situation gets
productive nominalizations
constrained graphs
complex relationships
asr decoding
natural unit
optimal vowel
way given
linguisti c
contrastive studies
alternative verbalizations
need knowledge
token slot
weighted expansion
predicted idf
conceptual factoring
specialized tools
domain complexity
address 1
performance limitations
volume 18
time sequences
broader set
construction might
feature ante
dictionary compiled
alternative spellings
der sluis
combination module
triangleleft w
individual entity
whole algorithm
cky parsing
many similarities
us anything
important decision
error reduction
noisy features
hdag kernel
copyright 1984
normal form
intersubject agreement
fuzzy subsets
every property
singular vector
resource containing
complex context
century ago
alternative answers
sequence could
becomes rather
predict words
attachment problems
arranged data
know yet
automata satisfying
rule must
dependent task
stage retrieval
context modeling
syntactic classifications
basic arguments
model implemented
huge numbers
figure plots
james barrett
different environments
ahead conditions
program development
individual categories
paid attention
like application
bracket structures
tagging representation
political faction
verbph segment
nonterminal production
proposed indexing
industrial classification
context similarity
term variants
possible response
scheme cannot
scored candidate
acquired structure
line services
affine gap
concise expression
include relations
semantic element
task description
syntactic well
generating questions
satisfiable iff
performance dropped
heuristic nature
inflected word
appropriate smoothing
graphs containing
tile agent
shi er
insert null
np x
fast development
involves identifying
secondary lexical
eu countries
similar syntax
ne taggers
lines 2
certain heuristics
bounded variations
particles often
uses bigram
impose restrictions
better estimates
canonical elementary
xml tag
katakana characters
sentential anaphora
answer corresponding
local inheritance
internal modification
antecedent occurs
claim follows
class memberships
people like
summaries tend
syntax description
label features
along lines
dictionary text
central topic
saudi arabia
descriptive framework
grained units
users seemed
plan schema
extracted pattern
david lewis
perform deep
hierarchical concept
resulting model
input subsequence
phone error
multiple versions
category z
verb hierarchies
autonote2 system
syntactic paraphrase
section first
gives evaluation
frequency criterion
ace phase
category v
import uranium
error probabilities
line preprocessing
translates input
remaining candidates
shorter documents
front end
balanced text
positive probability
component character
boost recall
animate object
robust models
called word
logos system
main strategies
jenny jones
morrill et
level instead
observed systems
successful performance
extracted synonyms
discourse contained
create semantic
segments containing
retrieval techniques
numerical scores
automatic book
authors would
best subset
lincoln labs
dt tag
various system
different optimal
language faculty
final information
system transforms
independent measure
heuristic involves
pearson r
second summation
rule creates
approach different
skewed sense
ebl lookup
specific application
airplane accident
likely case
ibm adapted
given preference
annotation document
elaine rich
schema de
assigns two
close meaning
core module
relative scores
ignore issues
thematic structures
make finer
new classification
relation shows
strict information
list qa
something similar
different experimental
structure rule
largest population
giving session
knowledge bose
new letters
chinese pas
pour ce
weapons magazine
expression compiler
traditional concept
key steps
symbol pair
canonical sentence
reduces perplexity
branching language
direct child
method provides
email thread
frederking et
analyst 1
monster harley
full proofs
markedness scale
provide input
ambiguous region
a58 a21
german definite
structures serve
research issue
pattern key
everyday dictionaries
50 domain
static model
proposition 1
neighbor rule
every tree
constituent alignment
flight arrival
j must
axe removed
rules apply
value different
music player
entropy modeling
concepts referred
naive bayes
following paper
tomita algorithm
substituted node
phrases found
elementary questions
demanding task
parent nonterminal
work demonstrated
de dicto
trec 5
computer conversation
promising performance
association norm
medical terms
fine line
peptic ulcers
single parameter
10 c
various options
basic q
central window
study also
subtype relation
smaller lexicon
step performs
object linking
potential side
hoc procedure
translation grammar
advocate using
rlcs associated
wsj part
parsing makes
theoretical reason
public result
word actors
witten et
nonrelevant items
initial attachment
logical information
parsing starts
identical input
required word
lopez et
clearly need
one pale
weighted matrix
density vectors
allow proper
generation stages
single indicator
axiom schemata
ne type
clear picture
new car
similar role
pivot format
vector containing
exist since
phrasal word
optimal translations
decomposition operator
set number
synonymous sentences
syntactic problem
different schools
singular nps
parallel developments
derive appropriate
special node
expressive quality
best utterance
simple relations
state one
romanian wordnet
several companies
unknown time
tagger generators
pinyin name
paraphrasing pattern
next page
function parsing
formalism called
certain hombre
actual length
monotonic system
parsed test
different teams
upon inspection
adverbial constituents
tile n
strong interactions
attachment cases
unknown speech
prior experiences
two models
feedback texts
use automated
experiment also
voice search
natural alternative
marie ziet
translation time
study involved
retrieved document
summarization model
training procedure
particular requirements
atis speech
conjoined adjectives
translated source
graphic symbols
legislative assembly
results demonstrated
document identifiers
useful measures
scanner output
defined term
combinatory theory
based outputs
speaker time
britney spears
alone application
a0 a35
quality microphones
b 4
development platform
uniform recognition
tame ni
true chunks
search concept
analyzes sentences
whethe r
lexical tag
conversational structure
field coder
efr expression
relevant conditions
speaker speech
objective bravo
indicate better
interesting approach
confidenc e
pattern tape
various words
star rating
visual data
simple clustering
name instances
earlier information
probability tree
crude measures
clarification request
procedure determines
errors according
syntactic coverage
theoretical linguistic
v omega
fact appears
like anaphora
accurate semantic
conceptual facets
interesting side
gunman police
close tag
practical way
suggested discourse
formal grammar
benchmark results
bunsetsu modifies
1 end
network built
system robustness
bold font
four knowledge
domain elements
feature 16
computational models
parsing might
taijiro tsutsumi
modular fashion
verb final
whose primary
things happen
experiment involved
belief ascription
two trials
identification method
rm sentences
request information
emotion labels
much influence
root object
a59 denotes
imagine two
two selection
disjunctive concepts
alphabet v
skewed frequency
entirely transparent
rank test
bilexical itg
relational families
respective sentence
corpora without
simply note
topmost level
also benefit
communicator project
party speech
among templates
current results
available tagger
edges extending
transformational grammars
wsd task
mode analysis
experiments demonstrated
class information
last factor
ranked member
outperforms ibm
weak quantifier
language axioms
grammatical forms
situation schema
offer substantial
words seen
several programs
player knowledge
general system
node always
edge effects
possible description
without labels
found performance
coded heuristics
less attention
translation segment
lexical restriction
formed phrases
synthesis phase
missing sentence
see sentence
kanji representations
appropriate specific
svm labeller
among researchers
match models
interesting behavior
informer spans
component determines
expert knowledge
new lemma
left bottom
human gene
similarity threshold
finite subset
data corpus
course include
corpus taken
studies include
sentence precision
analyze discourse
frequency matrix
without help
searching algorithm
phrases generated
additional elements
choose whether
small modification
new variance
incidence matrix
default attributes
parallel cases
representations h
see rindflesch
place deictics
grammar link
proof unit
use function
missing phonemes
main task
original subject
operators would
default class
word fragments
ones exemplified
task scenario
informedia project
grained phrase
perform tokenization
grammatical dependency
differ radically
uses speech
engine requires
hypothesis generation
category frequencies
value obtained
map plan
volitional result
verbal lexeme
generating top
victor zue
find regularities
nuance grammar
string k
output rule
sense translation
cfg category
possible refinements
statistical measure
shape codes
head outward
computational semantic
specific dialogue
sentence mary
states air
major contributions
interactive system
transduction rules
tag models
forms per
user satisfaction
comparative evaluation
coherent summaries
contextual tags
corresponding transition
l fl
variation could
limited area
task language
generated fl
defining similarity
hy tile
property grammar
set provided
annotation principles
proposed analysis
several phases
aspect consists
one prefix
specific symbol
medical community
reference one
interpretation component
bear information
special states
models try
nach der
lexeme level
customer service
fd containing
remove function
interesting comparisons
31 sentences
fuzzy inference
candidate facts
absolute reference
function gen
classifications may
majority consensus
guideline package
higher significance
core positive
english expressions
corroborating evidence
ecrivit une
p vp
sentence mood
wrong assignments
case shows
past action
usage rates
tl answers
effect axioms
iff either
imaginative prose
combined recall
additional annotation
russian mt
partie de
success state
called bottom
approximate matching
bracketed corpus
chinese lexicons
previous heuristic
classical chinese
support learning
documents removed
necessary condition
conflict set
speech pairs
canadian parliament
public authorities
parsing approach
correlated features
sequences according
see berwick
insertion sequences
name alias
ford et
source dialect
singer 1999
e word
thousand rules
different probability
ke zariye
shares several
tag selection
ambiguous target
simple binary
null end
la direction
np vs
user name
logic extends
currently comprises
applies rule
language distribution
wrong segmentations
dynamic generation
unique value
new notation
residual idf
models score
literary theory
one contains
hat der
minor adjustments
simple corpus
others like
query sfc
formalism f
called model
smaller company
3204 corpus
dass das
complete functional
spurious text
allow meaningful
perform tasks
mary called
mathematical semantics
different segmentation
revision learning
supervised machine
similar levels
appropriate topic
greater consistency
illocutionary forces
syntactic features
maple syrup
complexity may
corresponding measure
rules takes
sequence information
sample dialogs
execution strategies
construction based
r also
based study
know nothing
simple approach
canonical answer
medical insurance
general words
group distribution
e us
contains fewer
appropriate parse
correct precision
une phrase
corpus design
local unification
metaphorical transfer
statistical correlation
positio n
sentence written
recent noun
commercial transcriptions
good correction
much prior
parsing behavior
distant future
symbols contained
erwin stegentritt
elementary features
whose data
vowel patterns
obvious approach
following morph
korean morphology
symbolic input
levels l
production perspective
database contain
bijective function
large bitext
previous examples
phonetic realization
involves building
algorithm gives
left bracketing
morpheme list
b holds
later work
tile hypothesis
si models
classification labels
entities must
collocation feature
interpretation possibilities
basic templates
english cs
2 corpus
two passages
cation grammar
important differences
testing results
fits within
matching language
corresponding figure
words contain
recurrent network
nonterminal categories
optimal clusters
two target
distributed software
papers show
find word
ls also
words occur
right edges
calculator task
every tag
translated sentences
functions include
representational requirements
semantic rep
greedy selection
constructional analyzer
compound nps
parsing proper
raw scores
task whose
ordering model
separate entity
company would
eager unification
definition excludes
tag may
indicate word
biological events
restriction applies
minimum threshold
programming approach
message containing
publishing house
sa constraint
multiple transliteration
higher degrees
anthony j
shows three
term pr
help learning
classification may
name recognizers
source alone
equals n
coup phase
complete muc
dire qu
utterances must
2 state
infinite recursion
trouble arranging
telecommunications advancement
declarative description
feature per
related domains
reversible unification
pointer table
derived strings
times larger
united states
standard words
leaf level
conversion problems
facilitate debugging
separate categories
linguistic groups
verbal multi
call upon
method goes
longer strings
dominates b
data files
fine class
made summaries
allotted time
ungrammatical utterances
range constraint
describe first
comlex contains
word matching
working systems
dictionary data
best antecedent
smoothed version
contains instances
term reweighting
additional columns
q iff
table de
articles annotated
synthesis quality
40 tokens
achieving state
single sequence
correct subject
ccg rules
1 parameters
update strategy
character correspondences
using cohen
compiler technology
trend analysis
also aim
strong pronominals
low mean
definition 3
nlp stecs
often convenient
efficient generation
similar sequences
states overlap
frequencies based
issue concerns
aim sentences
backofen et
balanced data
null actually
estimating translation
complex constituent
based syntax
free pregroup
pos features
document retriever
wordnet could
changing operations
set iff
simplified representation
verbs could
genitive nps
words rarely
individual chunk
annealed minimum
lesser importance
modest increase
feedback model
value corresponds
end translation
system previously
causation patterns
fly corpus
tagged wall
domain attributes
topic set
valid entries
input lexeme
additive noise
global stack
object honorification
inference components
semantic filter
free storage
first description
ambiguity exists
fine et
morphological composition
premodifying nouns
typical dialogue
forest rules
level view
statistics extracted
repair attempt
explanation relation
metadata format
particular grammatical
blog classification
constructions could
give total
later years
difficult time
local brevity
larger intermediate
zero arguments
given transducer
strategies according
second indicates
resolution method
variables f
examples automatically
stochastic translation
analogous cases
helsinki university
evil eye
certain difficulties
provide rules
selection experiment
task configurations
turn related
physical environment
negative mask
2 th
chain formation
recognize phrases
perceptual data
document databases
semantic fit
discussed briefly
mining tasks
developed context
formalism described
methods assume
pseudo sense
possible language
yields much
measures including
second parts
pitch value
appropriate references
phrases consist
cases also
labels according
low vowel
latter situation
type label
relational lexica
structuring principles
question keywords
speech taggers
item 5
additional class
new fd
byte offsets
con rms
distance exceeds
development messages
continuous segments
irex workshop
problem discussed
und die
specific activities
examples consisting
sense discriminators
based reranking
suitable representation
document collections
noun dependents
standard responses
e event
type fl
relation instances
store elements
model history
memory associated
within others
identical rules
coverage parsing
miscellaneous category
sentences according
tile cost
class x
query inclusion
full training
lexical pass
major relations
unique set
implicit focus
john introduced
university courses
used patterns
5 give
expectation would
one projection
type construction
complex interactions
overgenerated event
paragraph segments
hierarchy containing
derivation model
sentence fails
additional effort
topic system
phonetic correspondence
essential operation
richer features
pairs using
instructions given
contain phrases
constraints need
prepositional relation
sandra carberry
good benchmark
ob j
sinclair 1987
used windows
subsequent events
clear indication
error free
cases involved
simple version
precision scores
special case
eliminate redundancy
syntactic structural
acquiring translation
tiffs section
relational constraint
cnica de
feature agr
per span
air crash
obtaining results
information obtained
distributed control
activation algorithm
move would
grammatical alternation
alphabetic variant
literal aspects
gathering type
function obtained
wo case
discours e
generalization relation
left quadrant
ignore word
tag extent
realisation module
existing phrase
matters worse
w w
grammar compilation
fits best
early language
sentence john
morphological characteristics
airways flight
gram candidates
la variation
semiphone models
based role
algorithm improved
mad e
common substructure
make computation
different runs
values need
transferring technology
based understanding
entity scores
much modification
column k
conversion programme
weak belief
event space
language driven
text rather
multitape finite
initial labeling
syllables a47
rational languages
build n
new content
sentences match
chain representations
tree satisfies
clear results
n logn
personal beliefs
mdl based
users believe
whole dialog
chinese lm
e example
dialogue initiatives
several alignment
language portability
counter examples
interpretations produced
wrong word
manually tag
sequence position
dashed arrows
annotated data
incoming words
tree tree
name occurs
similar preference
various levels
lts rules
bilingual paraphrases
baseline transfer
kikui et
merging module
map unit
contraction relation
context types
improvements relative
cover symbols
selective sampling
allen modeling
significant boost
using attribute
instances used
possible lexicalizations
professional translations
keyword spotter
labelled deduction
distinct stages
quantitative description
related problems
realization classes
manual identification
arithmetic operators
formation rules
word spaces
whatever reason
equivalence class
construction de
also relies
canonical positions
strict adjacency
main equation
wc must
recursive languages
algorithms make
edges required
one causes
center retention
information enters
new item
efficiently process
reading tutor
drug stores
feature inconsistency
visualisation tools
stable results
rule encoding
lexical parsing
logic systems
latent space
sr task
several paraphrases
bilingual speaker
shows various
channel probability
verbal positions
average tree
gram index
single image
different generation
likelihood statistic
selsa model
assigned topic
object could
varying information
relation maps
smaller rule
match procedure
one l
expression following
complex information
958 sentences
procedures used
intuitive account
linguist must
lexical hypotheses
instantiation step
additional experimental
object pronoun
unpredictable plot
lexicalized word
similar assumption
end boundary
arise naturally
text 4
speci ed
phrase feature
improve classification
trigger link
analysis since
traditional bag
parallel terms
item associated
nouns n
main questions
two alignments
morphological antonyms
index assignment
second collection
count 1
included sentences
best potential
default segmentation
bayesian modeling
original network
location relation
data conditions
using types
another method
goodness measure
interaction flow
case dependency
neighboring nodes
sequence x
argument effectiveness
related units
computer programmer
numbers appear
development based
existing relations
wine bottles
common computational
test situation
bayes classification
topic words
radar contact
wsd problem
nlg application
word documents
constraint 2
single task
plan generator
null test
topic tracking
enable students
speakers without
synonymous pairs
based index
f 3
good cook
declarative language
weak hypothesis
internally coherent
block boundaries
particle le
following procedure
presented research
eliminates much
sufficient means
different formulation
max fell
rational function
n analysis
verb terms
following v2
nlp task
normal state
dictionary generated
qa systems
recognition stage
argument schema
following interchange
transducer containing
language document
multiple entities
word two
level design
expression consists
basketball player
whose leaf
generative paradigm
scheme employed
forms produced
memory needed
annotated reference
broadest sense
space proportional
remaining problems
produces four
one complement
given range
selection procedures
text condition
independent paths
unseen forms
sports news
offset value
term exists
syntactic parsers
english interface
simple term
corresponding c
des graphes
inuktitut words
original expression
functions fi
evaluation included
following intuitive
anaphoric nature
ranked terms
many computer
le president
backbone extraction
principled solution
argument holds
recursive function
possible configurations
list consisting
first scenario
various approaches
give advice
parses licensed
weather domain
feature frequencies
match metric
appropriate anaphoric
grammar grows
know sandy
joint probabilities
relevant phrases
drink potable
component characters
loan words
constraints like
specific ways
le present
symbol would
language r
unambiguous output
terms provide
news summarization
first language
bfn frames
tail based
structure derives
spurious data
initial investment
decisions given
word selected
demonstration sessions
internal consistency
grammar containing
mi criterion
discrete hmms
gray area
discourse resource
scale systems
dire de
combines existing
java application
features fl
considered set
word analyzer
neuter gender
specifications need
window shows
known companies
understand instructions
unique words
data must
observation probability
measuring progress
similar facts
efficiency rate
produce quite
complete english
shorter description
diagram types
sponsored project
concept languages
lenis stop
two choices
progressive auxiliary
function corresponds
car accidents
communication goals
contiguous sequence
al 1983
properly understand
gains may
se scores
prototype vector
ii wsj
training strategy
module q
substantial reduction
temporal location
showed promising
within twenty
source toolkit
intelligence system
propositional interpretation
interactive access
enable comparison
files produced
cluster quality
paper describing
video clips
grained version
agreement rules
based unigram
word even
column 3
developing text
combustion check
different window
full complement
complete drs
language dialogs
symbolic rules
perform sentence
system achieves
1 demonstrate
following kinds
resolving quasi
line interpretation
short vowel
signal changes
place gou
agents communicate
sgml codes
audio indexing
maintenance manuals
increased recall
larger vocabularies
english cognates
previous output
phonological variations
english cognate
uses external
classifier built
overall improvement
guideline violation
possible selections
translation assistance
b comes
adjusting agent
terminal edges
methods already
line parsable
use sgml
experimental basis
parse fresh
extract sentences
examples exist
dimensional space
tags may
alternative uses
human abstract
subj feature
high information
cold war
parsing must
distinct edges
israeli perspective
clauses could
june 2000
mapping q
structures similar
called operators
equal importance
three base
high token
faster processing
intended message
semantic contrast
interaction extractor
antecedent theorems
simplest kind
segmentation data
arabic letter
duke university
control vocabulary
parsing progresses
classes obtained
whose relative
one reaches
defining attribute
free transduction
units need
dog saw
side element
orange drawer
processing architecture
6 ghz
anonymous referees
test demonstrated
strategy includes
negation relation
learning episode
younger people
column chart
lexical definitions
grammar cannot
x np
speed data
discriminant function
major characteristic
regulation abstracts
weight estimation
phonemic domain
three stages
role hierarchy
activation function
flat classification
structure plays
manipulating language
filler pairs
rescoring paradigm
overlap analysis
input positions
also mix
word structure
th english
supporting knowledge
state left
operas corpus
largest net
final string
alphabet g
one counts
e scoring
two subjects
standard mathematical
word tagging
various preference
using pos
definitional question
foot features
regularization framework
give priority
analysis data
original conception
table model
three arrays
automatic tense
strict string
ternary expression
transferred lf
heuristic algorithm
distance 1
clause order
approach improves
document scores
class vs
subjects read
mrd entries
theoretic type
valued attribute
recursive traversal
include texts
multi size
language database
attachment based
form np
resulting distribution
sg nom
instance hypothesis
constituent analyses
degrades performance
sentential adjuncts
generalized parse
person chooses
whose leftmost
ten test
phrases independently
collaborative behavior
times lower
free paths
whose gloss
even point
string c
explanation may
predicate defined
complementation patterns
performance results
technique may
list tab
scale development
across candidate
ordinary japanese
fewer mistakes
10 level
focusing subjuncts
structure induced
large computational
automatically depends
autonomous agents
coarse semantic
collection environment
rapport de
user always
1000 features
entropy pos
switchboard database
object adjectives
methods usually
unlabeled examples
subsequent paper
clique c
create n
parsing automaton
great importance
matching models
k determines
qualia role
general approaches
recording quality
set operation
mean difference
grammars describe
greeted paul
clause modifier
mitsuishi et
change semantics
group used
related phrase
selection expressions
extended boolean
iteration would
special properties
acoustic parameter
neural mechanisms
modeling system
string needs
belief structure
reduced time
wire service
spatial properties
multiple learners
suitable candidates
whose labels
frame annotations
syntactic entry
david pallett
normal uses
bootstrapping problem
main top
transfer verbs
following generative
expectation rule
reasonable candidate
genitive plural
partial representation
new transition
main features
process takes
tile basic
examined texts
connection weights
vector form
litman 1993
appropriate constraints
world knowledge
current description
specific extraction
mark shows
right circumstances
specific surface
whose help
transitivity holds
monitored generation
generalized clauses
larger pieces
simple automaton
real pos
different derivations
intersentential ellipsis
lexicalized model
questioner believes
interpersonal goals
tree order
unconditional probability
bang bu
relation occurs
complete observation
lisp environment
central sense
every world
long vowel
sense indicated
infinite regression
pitch tracking
length summaries
8 systems
null table
yi ci
nous obtenons
gives access
profile distance
given fact
propositions within
understanding speech
graph according
rule component
descriptions involving
one cpu
whole spectrum
appropriate inferences
mcdonald et
greatly facilitates
nearest neighbours
100 percent
candidate terms
xml tags
verbal semantics
crf approach
motivating example
ii p
part 3
unsupervised classifier
different skill
king measure
incorrect relation
electronic thesauri
120 speakers
physical layout
coverage obtained
process discourse
preliminary research
null multiple
acknowledge support
handle non
binary classifiers
vp structures
standard approaches
analysis found
nodes respectively
right sub
csr techniques
considered words
extracted information
short translations
controlled disjunctions
multilingual classification
nodes c1
html interface
primitive classes
correct rate
2 creates
appropriateness restrictions
log likelihoods
original query
drank gasoline
pattern specified
participants must
generalization may
composed rules
entries contain
text alignment
many hand
hidden process
uniformity across
tag gives
spatial descriptions
annotator needs
successful classification
morpheme classes
shared attention
6 female
frames corresponding
expressions present
lambek systems
human judgments
nb elements
attitude revision
several directions
terms using
geometric relations
potential confusion
verb serve
system two
elements indicate
level opinion
phrases attach
weighting parameter
make provision
translation server
seating arrangements
common core
kaigi ni
everything known
text proceeds
communications corp
new chart
explicit computation
information phase
next piece
corresponding paths
conversational games
help decide
primitive object
provide users
newer versions
equation fails
candidate fact
sentence summary
alpac report
translations whose
sentence paraphrases
expected form
units like
concepts exist
various facts
classified items
seminal paper
encarta data
a1 gen
aligned documents
entity e
general preference
possible variable
words randomly
identifying names
recognize sentences
occurrence alone
search conducted
exists yet
previous patterns
suspicious forms
forward transformation
contains something
study presented
distributional clustering
original error
future tenses
convex combination
hou et
purpose becomes
send robot
old child
spell checking
two functions
one file
2nd person
cyclic node
chen et
legal document
corpus tagset
similar cases
0cc distribution
application system
attribute name
derived set
sh u
proposition banks
700 dependency
morph boundary
three edges
acts include
arda aquaint
termination conditions
allows many
corresponding synsets
er queries
abc corpus
lscript1 regularization
eisner et
undecidability result
ace 2005
corrected mt
affix grammar
van paassen
item u
descriptions introduced
entry means
without generalization
efficient application
typical user
recognition might
logical behaviour
head word
allows words
little change
time indicates
dpl structures
better learn
good dialogue
corresponding sound
input given
speech according
violate one
set includes
optimal accuracy
order lo
link l
tagging problems
texts using
templates per
algorithm lies
text query
cost alignment
regularization parameter
development texts
people interact
alternative translations
predicted action
style theorem
subcategorization patterns
les groupes
6 kinds
total tree
training cost
context monitor
remain true
problems arise
algorithms including
flag diacritic
annotation meta
sequence a1
vilar et
making selection
first coder
source regulus
paste system
subsequent discourse
experiment presented
measures perform
structure without
word spotting
suffix combinations
background assumptions
general assumption
local c
since speakers
edge count
level dependencies
two n
first paper
6 explains
contain sentences
test verb
likelihood ratio
eight languages
event could
given phone
contrastive study
quadriliteral roots
parse types
einer sprache
satisfying models
grammatical devices
19 shows
extended semi
el al
content plans
investigate unsupervised
operate recursively
old house
oov proper
single questions
reference performance
morph list
exact position
speakers completely
gekommen war
ontology induction
paraphrasing information
defaults may
reported word
input matrix
corner chart
subtopic segments
covering words
normal conditions
given anaphor
higher predicates
analogical relationships
wilks 1987
number eight
better resemble
sentence extracts
3 times
early models
strict readings
standard lexicons
overall message
tense interpretation
stories within
traditional multiple
pp chunking
alignment path
grammatical processing
edwin lewis
assign lower
model weight
rules suffice
5 means
individual translations
many noisy
un domaine
ambiguous constituents
relevance judgment
domain specific
file entry
fntbl toolkit
share properties
1 take
hansard corpus
unsegmented arabic
block broke
based call
sense seems
level part
representations also
system stops
value grammars
one actor
generation applications
comprehensive list
correct summary
analysis generated
mother cell
correct paraphrases
literature concerning
paths involved
heuristic function
id number
finnish words
longer system
cette approche
hot list
process finds
xml marked
german phrase
item detection
vectors may
lexical tags
future goal
sentences ranging
word extension
recognition corpus
tests based
larger domain
relaxation rules
receive input
large gazetteers
experiment requires
multiple relationships
velocity vector
features contained
based discovery
elman 1990
see mel
computer runs
nothing hinges
form rules
competing antecedents
writing tool
length models
performing methods
partial syntax
classification functions
created resources
sections contain
four transducers
learned taxonomy
condition matches
assertional frames
pragmatic processing
translation cannot
measures computed
since correct
e va
trees specify
structure copying
recognition approach
use traditional
fact highly
interest lies
bold lines
beam widths
lan k
still improves
corollary features
problems listed
test vectors
separate semantics
read input
real evaluation
many eases
speaker cannot
component objects
lexicon acquired
use decision
simple iterative
que certains
knowledge hierarchy
see litman
input semantics
clustering system
partition function
integrated circuit
additional runs
competence grammar
uses deep
construct one
significantly impact
phoneme duration
groups working
representations involved
multiple context
sense score
two constituents
intrinsic characteristics
category consists
several dependents
text streams
pure string
case occurs
given collection
ne chunks
whose address
base parser
intensive care
take e
investigate whether
annotation time
formulae using
left unassigned
perpetrator organization
coherence dimensions
future cost
value difference
lead paragraph
distribution clustering
produce separate
upper time
view points
systems inc
structured input
embedded construction
important rule
make evaluation
focused items
ordering scheme
tag n
intuitions behind
modifier type
usual distinction
30 languages
last requirement
darpa contractors
normalized scores
depends oil
higher fertility
related terms
word edit
conceptual clarity
une semaine
conventional systems
whether john
con gurations
identification test
standard software
knowledge modules
realistic application
used noun
program c4
temporal concept
topic related
every verbal
form like
computer generation
current scenario
semantic normalization
correct error
5 evaluation
se e
question detection
present proposals
noun follows
independent level
marked difference
automatic population
helps achieve
fixed part
book titles
various factors
empirical investigation
known alignment
text comprehension
male individual
problems facing
regular suffixes
busemann et
asked questions
procedural neutrality
new evidence
current language
frames defined
speech communities
mcdonald 1980
precise syntactic
drs theory
generic framework
several permutations
semantic check
event e1
proposition describing
event happens
sentence aligner
returned sentences
wsj corpus
subsets may
lexical coercion
element agreement
exist independently
structured format
detailed characterization
compilation process
capture knowledge
string appears
acquisition algorithm
plan inferred
approaches might
bill gale
different application
semantic scope
gives preference
analyzed input
better match
certain dialogue
significant indicator
documents extracted
cotton bag
ned tasks
feature lsa
ucfg rules
certain roles
pos pattern
order rather
hypergraph h
name matching
chaque r
samples generated
answers cannot
natural part
goal concepts
grammar production
comparative operator
general newspaper
resulting document
semantic grammar
initial part
derived words
informal outline
approaches combining
semantic categorisation
weinberg et
dependent entities
third place
tasks since
classes proposed
rules covering
focus elements
match constituents
extends phrases
represented senses
switch graphs
encode immediate
largest class
multiple modes
existing term
longer words
higher incidence
training parse
recipe contains
relevant sentences
actual definitions
writing rules
discourse parser
object position
real value
ai e
soit une
boundaries produced
appropriate sense
skip distance
sets could
every algorithm
1 sketches
generic statements
candidate based
constituent represents
device described
labeled e
second chunking
asking point
structural pattern
tile way
mdl model
corpus trees
grammar changes
rules reduce
also guarantees
partial understanding
vor der
text comes
normative state
questions using
distributions may
perfect time
small change
various cases
rule unmarked
disambiguation information
planned paper
problem referred
sentence mode
motivated indexing
known query
facet consists
manual linguistic
morpheme identification
unbounded length
boundary marking
bracketed phrases
complete overview
result category
question graph
connexor oy
sentence category
accepted theory
database grows
left subtree
clustering words
sample articles
answer accuracy
index variables
analysed sentences
narrative field
ann knows
complex arrangements
syntactic paraphrasing
incorrect selection
mathematical symbols
3 workshop
binary relevance
ontology information
interesting act
asahi newspaper
axiomatic grammar
direct mentions
meeting corpora
sign associated
confusion class
phrase patterns
generation research
following strategy
simple post
lookup mechanism
canada m5s
database containing
sublanguage domain
semantic unit
quantifier storage
systematic variations
matching procedure
second event
grammatical process
000 kanji
visible anchor
structure schema
context track
certain course
cooking creation
100k words
clear description
simple phrases
perform recognition
morphosyntactic properties
restricted versions
posture shifts
many symbols
th e
words containing
list instead
value nil
temporal ranking
100 words
intelligence agency
semantic entailments
3 documents
following belief
disambiguation work
passive text
class links
sun workstations
english mt
present use
logique de
form slot
event adjectives
maximization step
better captures
semantic tableau
set a2
particular engine
define whether
commonsense inference
storage requirements
object x
connected area
phoneme module
partir du
sample grammar
cooperation among
hovy 1990
liang 1983
alphabet consists
optimal cluster
candidate conjuncts
tipster iii
evidence sources
van mulbregt
korean corpus
condition code
system divides
decristofaro extending
single top
effective combination
pitch levels
language probabilities
phone sets
extract pairs
geographic features
potential source
pairwise distance
compilation times
times ambiguous
linguistic strin
tool supports
dependent co
single features
phonological analyses
local paths
individual clusters
easy modification
development model
seed collocations
specific adaptation
use cosine
weighting strategies
que je
conditional schema
vendler 1967
strict synonymy
mccoy et
expressions already
oov term
universal principles
automated means
structures discussed
intersecting hierarchies
property neighbors
theories provide
rst text
positional features
svms using
level tagset
atomic name
queries would
predur a18
lee 1996
information around
extreme values
require fine
penn ii
marti hearst
second purpose
several analyses
feature co
5 percent
several cues
frequency effects
standard feature
consuming operation
factored extraction
since svms
standard examples
procedure allowed
entities mentioned
among times
related issues
variable anaphora
one ideal
pronoun noncoreference
state modifiers
average parsing
unaccented words
end node
command constraint
distinct sub
subtasks involved
context representation
precisio n
e candd
several researches
words cannot
treebank tagging
top documents
obligatory components
incident 17
trees often
unix spell
japanese broadcast
instantiated grammatical
variable symbol
segmentation may
value components
frequent dependency
respective verb
system designed
shitaoka et
correct category
verb word
suitable domains
ontological knowledge
utterance segmentation
state 1
small fragments
subordinated levels
subject animacy
k characters
total order
elements separated
realistic dialogue
regular feature
union members
morphological similarity
context mechanism
penman generation
patterns directly
declarative statement
identifying phrase
data encoding
load verbs
substitution error
containing explicit
relational dbms
resulting database
corresponding prefix
based cf
metric ignores
papillon database
temporal arguments
cases presented
allows access
repair intervals
across categories
someone mentioned
de chine
rows 4
final number
corpus tokens
translation candidate
straightforward definition
following hypothesis
hadar shemtov
english present
ranked word
expansion probability
method considers
spanish newswire
complex string
analysis may
infinitival phrases
selective analysis
memory device
correction data
similar terms
rewriting tool
question test
null ods
viterbi parse
opaque context
summarization experiments
comparable accuracy
animated simulations
cmu atis
node q
backward directions
natural manner
past experience
another situation
analysis first
paths parsers
query processor
sol et
support verb
zero otherwise
verb subcategorizations
complete proofs
annotation guidelines
inform actions
complete sets
appropriate generalizations
specialized use
high vs
remove stopwords
current relation
different vp
10 people
six trec
prevent overgeneration
training story
concept grammars
proposition 3
remedia test
big cars
arg match
two cost
semantic senses
relation b
a1 a25
organization makes
underlying content
summaries generated
system response
target adjectives
post position
replaces one
linking rule
distance limit
distinguish vpcs
moon roof
technical level
sentence number
automated evaluation
label rel
contextual analysis
becomes irrelevant
based transducer
verbal passives
conveyed information
subsequent interaction
theories one
functions operate
sighan bakeoff
construction recognizer
computation requirements
rhetorical relationships
tile constraint
represent exactly
douglas learning
pair pi
semantic granularity
paper surveys
uses domain
weights would
information difference
morpheme ordering
motivated heuristics
term using
late closure
reflects tile
equivalent pseudowords
initial dataset
compass notation
templates produced
performed pre
social conventions
multilingual content
decoding task
cases requires
corporation names
final remark
contain nps
figure prominently
corresponding level
plural number
drug name
query set
word constructions
g means
raw training
strategy provides
grammar pruning
test systems
computational cost
per response
rhetorical context
model made
path length
organization descriptors
another graph
important improvements
next parser
one accepts
4 figure
best describes
direct analogy
experiment could
line thesaura
fuzzy predicate
rule pairs
pos context
abdullah ocalan
000 epochs
intuitive linguistic
data source
ni noru
dependency recovery
concept ci
news task
japanese equivalents
presents evidence
specific key
phenomena like
instances contain
trees needed
case change
particular entities
structural relationships
possible kinds
syntactic coarse
properties specific
v vp
lexeme classes
4 consider
known category
subjective measure
support vectors
6 steps
predicative noun
tota l
section suggests
use formal
constraint tables
end states
entity person
one v
semantic dictionaries
speech expressions
circus generates
paper argues
scale resources
types described
attachment example
natural consequence
point numbers
immediate tendency
interactions may
following goal
grammar employed
grained model
answering capabilities
uniform weight
current paper
two facets
reference 1
salient function
entry system
rule predicate
specific date
communication entre
structural context
retrieve fresh
existing texts
dimensional adjectives
statistical assumptions
mechanical evaluation
top structure
fewer iterations
omitted words
john eats
sentence perspective
term proximity
temporal addition
high bleu
attachment model
trec systems
categorization experiment
grammar form
social events
tou ng
l st
john beats
article errors
actual tags
seed sentence
ihe user
phoneme inventory
concrete implementation
assigned sense
second module
real system
accessibility constraints
labor negotiations
mt requires
operator types
motivated analysis
english domain
hindi word
conflicting arcs
component consisting
diagonal cells
linguistic mapping
korean version
24 sections
helicopter pilot
experiments made
turn indicates
logical perspective
string prefix
mechanism allowing
second upper
node skip
correct number
minimum risk
class classi
implemented models
enhanced model
memory limitations
measure relevance
applies recursively
differentiation among
evaluation 4
name mentions
zero anaphors
related term
occur somewhere
relation matching
lexical functors
principal eigenvector
false paths
whose name
cooperative functions
several experts
appropriate connective
mental image
prioritized agenda
application operator
tables 5
minimal value
independent translation
people using
memoized version
movement requires
syntagmatic relations
partial bracketting
given word
cells contain
speaker changes
red berry
word translator
automatic tool
lookup routine
linguistics since
ordinary parser
sentence provided
great regularity
rule creation
likely subject
conditioned probabilities
suffix may
low accuracy
three sub
value arcs
manual rule
abstracted triple
phoneme mappings
principal term
making choices
parallel bottom
au contraire
traditional pipeline
obvious source
narration b
small area
next closest
dkkmp approach
users tend
linguistics graduate
approaches based
conceptual dependency
template elements
a4 a0
measure shows
corpora c
person possessive
conceptual templates
sentential boundaries
containing p
string contains
revised versions
keyword k
since grammar
heavy box
order alignment
referential link
fact three
large distances
agreement achieved
pro feature
probability function
central america
fundamental ways
terminological structures
markov property
appropriate subset
specific lms
initial bias
obj gen
symmetric pattern
external storage
appropriate forms
parser meets
generate high
grammar categories
repeated extracts
timebank corpus
interpolation models
skimming techniques
system technology
acceleration vector
ben likes
incremental vector
classes representing
german version
natural form
evaluation condition
recognition must
agreement exists
control algorithm
name structure
time word
interaction based
total observations
define one
window manager
rooth 1993
one score
grammar trees
base set
young women
free l
parallel model
whose status
new annotations
argument scores
trigram data
turns around
examples taken
erroneous parses
times real
des outils
source dictionary
acquisition phase
string level
ill p
cky analysis
source tree
des expressions
deposit services
single row
detailed rules
candidate word
force approach
dependent phoneme
slots containing
involving spoken
next evaluation
de souza
information referenced
manager takes
drops significantly
400 system
word events
first procedure
ml training
application sequences
using syntax
sequential processes
several discussions
trees via
automatic migration
heavy metal
coref class
dependency bank
linguistic rules
scheme uses
theoretical network
one node
pair co
slot specific
compact word
group a0
confusion probability
simple propositions
li la
study revealed
b represents
lexicalized compounds
functional structure
discourse processor
article h
dirichlet distribution
text ii
complete framework
denotes concatenation
noun np2
11 words
expansion runs
increased precision
formalisms used
transfer mapping
art chinese
cognitive development
correct misconceptions
element containing
associated entities
dependency pairs
connected structure
many locations
form pr
system description
noisy information
system producing
semantic link
information components
modes de
wilson 2000
evaluation suite
line gesture
information missing
corpus makes
constraint transducers
optional items
r iv
enforce selectional
one wishes
memory bfgs
following sample
multigram model
bso type
statements concerning
tool needs
unstructured components
highest votes
major phrases
interconstituent government
existing entries
a27 a23
reset routines
types currently
negative face
approaches zero
biomedical corpus
represent grammatical
conceptual instances
current region
lingual communication
swe use
cross linguistic
concerns us
cadre de
efficient ways
capture tile
right entropy
appropriate utterance
regularized parses
summaries consist
morpheme phonetic
idea presented
set provides
abstract way
weather forecasts
precise formulation
experiment revealed
new services
turkish word
broad topic
gram tagger
resource uses
sentences becomes
learning pass
current models
entire set
semantic agreement
b e
leaf node
shimazu et
sabine buchholz
building stage
state tools
mesure de
base system
metonymy recognition
10 hours
actual rules
open derivation
speaker usually
unit sentence
feature adding
incorrect alignments
multiple interactions
role inventory
data sentences
better accuracies
schema r
internal structure
underlying machinery
initial trees
ectional paradigms
sentence marker
planning strategies
maps one
main goals
parallel bracketing
systems shows
substantial agreement
methods given
de j
label information
achieves 87
preceding pause
b follows
products made
du langage
kathy mckeown
square feet
unique member
information easily
however note
performance metrics
k filter
morpheme lexicon
text simply
translated corpora
limited paradigmatic
matrix may
channel symbol
longer sequences
text analyses
corpora allows
level tokens
text cues
butt et
next value
phrases always
anyone interested
selectional requirements
structure unification
sign detection
atomic actions
first couple
language grammar
formal markedness
lexicographers may
term limits
plural marker
observed data
architecture might
using definite
president john
specified structures
tree algorithm
rules specific
nice girl
based tagger
discourse fragment
6 fastus
constraints interact
compatibility checking
following parse
experts scheme
expected behavior
sentential punctuation
models included
code size
reyle 1993
whose exact
phrases assigned
anaphoric interpretation
significant task
personal title
directly dominates
data gained
richard montague
weak constraint
involve words
computer application
head character
defined measures
scheme defined
separate clusters
errors encountered
predicates describing
one transcription
transfer rules
information passed
parameter instantiations
discussion presented
within phrase
indicates strong
400 words
different varieties
leiser 1993
boundary l
ilex allows
circumscriptive reading
certain user
logarithmic time
parser builds
branch points
ambiguity left
kim likes
languages besides
linguistics data
q quantifiers
german term
identifying proper
opening hours
bracketed sentences
allow cross
symbols represent
word whose
contains selected
large subject
english collocations
smaller sub
teaching experience
named concept
user expectations
1 seconds
queue hi
additional application
metrical phonology
minimal set
profit terms
mitkov 1998
morphological variables
closest np
smoothed estimates
document person
description given
progressive verb
tool allows
unifying framework
pp p
abbreviation dictionary
given event
b dominates
valid document
linguistic variants
precision rises
j r
show examples
two innovations
discourse system
small documents
target position
fail path
46 elements
1 results
theoretical ideas
clear relation
text serves
respective systems
b f
open parenthesis
equations associated
relevant paragraphs
acc read
binding equation
comprehensive account
planning engineers
like style
another verb
sentence says
multiple information
target output
cbr component
les informations
clustering approaches
scoring system
eliminate errors
information analysis
type pp
stochastic case
distribution must
4 c
second character
last sentence
function analysis
dialogue act
single paragraph
u u
third construction
link per
knowledge module
following clauses
tagy tagz
anslation system
semantic ontologies
going straight
anaphoric function
output streams
interpretive rules
another device
incorrect choices
basic analyzer
features give
multiple token
initiate clarification
jv task
final knowledge
joint labeling
determine whether
polarized morphemes
switchboard speech
technical translation
seem structure
models failed
systems intended
location n
bank parse
fact seems
affecting system
ldoce entries
multiple alternatives
software implementation
cases could
understanding processes
matthew purver
kappa coefficient
concepts taken
parse representation
analyst c
logical redundancy
une question
lexical cache
base words
words belong
relations explicit
gold alignments
french alignment
de mots
known distinction
get combined
dynamic theory
noun endings
constituency relations
usual definition
produce speech
speech intervals
digital resources
reveal differences
dependency edge
numeric score
von fintel
reference tools
translation form
indefinite referring
2 sentences
given example
templates required
certain extensions
system tuning
words reduced
related texts
classical set
corresponding translation
4 use
expect improvements
language segment
represent things
flexible method
cette transformation
typed feature
answering capability
chinese noun
hat die
founded framework
clause respectively
xg rule
real understanding
prosodic structure
earlier drafts
old idea
resulting probabilities
dramatic improvements
minimal system
corpus approach
reinhart 1983
transcribing speech
testing models
clause interpretation
data exploration
lexicon extracted
former strategy
partial names
corresponding maximum
allows individual
corner regions
message corpus
parser performance
browser mosaic
informative contents
synonymous expressions
set h
specific style
network methods
intermediate stage
provide helpful
complete training
dialog models
entries containing
realization rule
revision systems
acquiring case
matching constituents
constant growth
traffic accident
different ways
semantic grouping
project english
two plots
others using
illustrate typical
outperforms state
matching strategy
memory search
event formation
abstract xml
careful examination
ibm 370
adverbial forms
since dictionaries
g set
medium sized
irregular verbs
way communication
editorial board
generate proper
l means
similarity class
explicit confirmation
extractable features
combined alignment
low incidence
blood products
human protein
inlmt string
basic structure
event patterns
tree languages
considerably simpler
two indexes
means something
two location
famous person
class 2
candidate example
particular phoneme
interpreter first
right breast
production errors
mt could
order differs
head lexical
semantic labeling
entire brown
cpu hours
supports big
simple estimates
actually refers
mathematical technique
labeled training
new ir
expression john
syntactic competence
stylistic parameters
plan contains
time duration
efforts within
accuracy continues
line drawings
different linguists
outcome situation
research corpus
classification instance
marcus 1990
new keyword
di linguistica
effect free
short explanations
candidate model
distinguishing properties
user relevance
null results
inaccurate parses
j used
duration features
planning task
semantic view
istituto per
similar modules
good theoretical
particular relationships
source tag
morphological normalization
modeling problems
allows several
clause function
16 documents
unspecified information
heterogeneous data
empty nouns
binarization scheme
use finite
arbitrary tree
turing estimation
sets x
like punctuation
one facet
scoring words
structure generator
document training
exclamation marks
action alternation
remaining gaps
initcaps tokens
lexicon evaluation
a3 a5
metric fails
tree respectively
wilks 1972
possibly use
established practice
difficult ones
individual lexemes
syntactic peculiarities
corresponding counts
effort since
chart representation
proposed edges
letter combinations
crossing class
engine developed
wrt f
search area
following story
remaining texts
takeover stories
th training
defined document
concept identification
sound inventory
performance numbers
rect object
antonio zampolli
clauses attached
prosody assignment
weight values
use would
context increases
log scale
annotation transfer
argument specifications
training courses
exponential behaviour
conversion model
chart mechanism
attuning measures
neighboring nouns
demand group
max stood
biased cost
achieves better
position method
net force
p within
processing rather
surface clause
sign test
large companies
handling agent
different distributions
text matcher
source order
major source
g system
military forces
varying number
english sentence
event representations
preceding dialog
advanced interactive
support development
vector defined
divergence type
de ha
attractive method
explicit system
axiomatic view
source vocabulary
annotation server
pfleger et
subject interpretations
marking system
amongst others
requirements concerning
course unrealistic
ltag derivation
phonetic dictionary
distinguishing descriptions
final template
incorrect gender
phonetic tree
decreasing value
movement commands
4 demonstrates
lp grammar
unequal length
darpa speech
bar represents
quantifier store
lexical substitutions
cause relation
english phonemes
testing may
score increased
official web
level relations
sense descriptions
cluster using
distance k
hybrid algorithm
plan execution
many children
sense sl
scvc sequence
extensional sentences
argument represents
used p
monolingual ir
work continues
share common
different translators
constitute part
every dog
lexical indexing
shouhl 1
level considerations
alternative explanations
possible strategy
standard parts
also search
use linguistic
binary coreference
de sorte
incomplete distinguishing
upper bound
task goal
castillo said
marked increase
basu wa
tipster architecture
apply rules
exceptional ones
interpolation procedure
feature existence
combined error
metrics correlate
string translation
des lettres
background color
monosyllabic words
alternative sentences
server system
proof trees
planning decisions
referential continuity
related entries
standard logic
local transformations
tile dependency
similar aims
efficient head
letters denote
collect documents
unsupervised classification
regular patterns
ive bayes
bottom line
specific treatment
subsequent steps
linguistic quality
bad examples
retrieval stage
1st order
corpus files
present level
language dictionaries
length n
corpus representative
times longer
component selects
modern theories
fragments describing
approach reduces
target patterns
causal mechanisms
best threshold
articles contained
analysis agent
sentence template
two flights
two quantities
bootstrapping methods
0 corresponds
relations discussed
notion like
passive metarule
typical content
two engines
descriptive entities
attributes cannot
neural nets
next system
nonterminal symbols
3 notice
scale text
label x
require deep
system interprets
carbon dioxide
research supported
morphemic information
point may
intersection subtrees
language basis
otterbacher et
processing phases
robust way
theoretical research
task concerns
linked lists
random guess
size e
decreased accuracy
recognizing spoken
considerable ambiguity
vocabulary problem
management components
simple vector
large programs
existing owl
argument e
branching parse
terms depends
speech summarisation
major advances
refined model
combination techniques
dictionary augmented
multinet relations
incorporate contextual
syntactic consequences
attitude type
combination weights
comparisons made
la conclusion
300 training
system whose
english temporal
isolated word
one case
german texts
biomedical term
research asia
relevance type
ccg derivations
connection candidates
fire rules
whose yield
algorithm shows
production environment
lexical samples
fast horse
actually needs
sc ambiguity
generally results
different surface
different extraction
detailed annotation
input symbols
words unknown
chronological order
labeled l
actually use
immediate antecedents
identification result
chart design
scoping program
sont donc
search spaces
austin 1962
phone sequence
count invariant
opinionated sentences
last answer
whole group
replacement type
chinese treebanks
frozen water
corresponding list
problem concerning
establish word
constituents produced
l value
ag subj
ambiguous way
time upper
practical viewpoint
considering multiple
based decomposition
current procedure
null quent
similar word
target representations
essay question
vocabulary coverage
speakers use
alignment zones
formalism also
dependency treebank
many subsequent
model text
binding features
likes sue
sampling rate
gram based
organization must
le domaine
three unification
immediate needs
zip code
ner approaches
equation 19
fixed depth
gradually increases
ten results
defines three
reasonable solution
relation thus
heavy losses
sentential tree
5 levels
remaining entries
a9 a24
assure us
outer probabilities
without restrictions
two reports
proper context
asr transcripts
immediate use
rewrite process
plan commitment
program may
aspectual particles
acoustic features
text represents
term interest
extreme case
terms constituting
noun sequence
associated context
accept speech
techniques attempt
ir literature
instruction systems
translated expressions
case even
u test
name discrimination
action occurs
expert coders
database entity
deterministic linear
combine scores
normal sentences
architecture based
automatic annotation
tense determination
ne bootstrapping
analysis functions
request template
compute p
bound algorithm
many dimensions
prosodic labelling
last hour
rhetorical information
solution set
individual predicates
english lexeme
correct template
user u
setting parameters
valuable contributions
different theory
shallow analyzer
predict word
sense consists
specific ne
test made
tree traversal
selection tasks
create concept
pos information
normalization results
passive relative
hierarchical agglomerative
action manager
preposition following
lexical components
number increases
nonlocal dependencies
scores instead
classes starting
different manners
clinton corpus
systemic grammars
dependent constituent
two way
whose destination
central processing
basic technologies
diagonal gaussians
final operation
expressions via
wire basket
figures show
include measures
example fragment
advanced induced
monolithic crf
system configurations
technological advances
hierarchical structure
3 layers
fensel et
next words
training shows
desired goal
matching cost
research uses
whole field
act labeling
essential problem
morpheme handling
also favors
human debuggers
contain separate
various modules
false assumptions
problem solved
node labeled
interesting pairs
character coded
sacrificing recall
metaphorical uses
quickly leads
cell proliferation
turn linked
response slot
interactive presentation
cumulative gpa
biomedical science
text whenever
accuracy since
frequency items
phonetic spelling
muc scores
structural information
low count
could access
dn detector
generic grammatical
semantic depictions
dynamic adaptation
score candidates
case structure
universal grammar
programming recursion
frequency count
single space
dimensional representations
major component
inverse ibm
expression rate
actual initiative
see joshi
aspect category
distance 3
polynomial bound
gram term
network traffic
2 produces
database answers
hypertextual systems
huge amounts
different purposes
focus upon
please help
text follows
b statements
examples increases
coverage analysis
existing human
graphical model
condition makes
work focusing
solving situations
compounds within
mean field
example system
filter irrelevant
reranking method
level approach
hebrew examples
method accurately
standard british
john bear
silent letters
base access
different head
weighting features
parenthetical expression
data accumulated
binding azw
learning algorithm
semantic interlingua
every indexing
original definition
incorrect constituents
designed features
actual users
450 mhz
answer type
simple nps
positive adaptation
changes occur
xta g
compose constructor
parse candidates
everyone spent
soldier marched
likely alignment
tipster joint
serial hypothesis
order permutations
goldstein 1998
shallow structure
logical operation
threshold distance
systems return
composition operators
many items
1 stands
shimbun corpus
research ab
data bank
occurrence dictionary
utterances used
built rules
seen sentences
vores nabo
small extension
cannot refer
est toujours
possible goal
three databases
base levels
first strategy
called inside
inflectional thesaurus
analysis direction
deduction mechanism
objects need
richer information
1 la
basic edit
new subgoal
position associated
graphic designer
systran translation
logical formulae
uses machine
anticipated belief
theoretical underpinning
eleven systems
agreement markers
prompting text
specific property
grammar maintenance
bot h
variables also
partial phrase
style translation
selected training
decisions made
likely paraphrases
vocabulary features
also merge
argument sets
rule match
verb lexical
ordinary words
five times
error categories
first belief
constituent sequence
lexeme lexicon
whole array
onset maximization
six operations
simple flat
major concern
approaches model
feature interactions
text f
work since
arbitrary order
competing translation
meaning shared
progressive search
fixed corpus
v head
tj occurs
sl bunsetsus
direct parent
output formula
much structure
individual cluster
expressions given
resulting grammar
computation yields
condition might
noun requirements
theory underlying
headed phrases
sentential meaning
meets b
probable alignments
sort rule
syntactic position
constraints using
lexical analysis
pov bound
nouns attested
van den
another search
necessary criteria
100 abstracts
constituent subtrees
expressive adequacy
like tree
lexicon fragment
successful use
two approximations
syntactic output
quantifier assumptions
utterance constraints
assign tags
constraints restrict
sdrt account
simple measures
simplified version
miltsakaki topic
graph structures
variables involved
partir des
cognitive resources
intermediate corpus
max saw
two forests
created summaries
segment sizes
prototype speech
considerable complexity
l set
overlapping candidates
viterbi 1967
verb determines
pattern corresponds
transducer corresponding
important sub
thesaurus senses
natural corpus
overlapping areas
years 2001
summarizing text
wrong assignment
key fill
operating top
initial corpus
outstanding problem
discuss problems
given character
existential noun
name recognized
current thread
church 1991a
using treetagger
model since
sets a1
expert parser
country cottage
stop talking
documents related
c shows
chain construction
intermediate approach
focus window
past year
following constraints
involves generating
following article
parser 1
locally governs
incomplete word
discourse levels
values averaged
chat rooms
phrase module
mixed order
natural approach
features combined
example words
conceptual specialists
japanese phrasal
initial approach
ipal dictionary
linguistic behaviors
japanese joint
later discussion
use rule
head element
tl sentences
results since
soit l
segment 1
sampling error
statistical disambiguator
questions depends
lexicon system
initial state
regression formula
defines classes
result includes
grammatical tense
sentence includes
slot constraints
dependent information
system locates
last positions
large alphabet
srl shared
uses similarities
understandable text
marcotte et
40 sentences
various word
likelihood computation
include document
type value
parametric tests
harry gross
reading coach
data creation
special programs
new situations
sensitive constraints
corpus must
two courses
active training
memory usage
rule captures
rules rl
matching parse
trees admitted
romanji forms
r x
information reduces
white nodes
motion construction
performance models
finite verbs
joe discussed
makes comparison
pure statistical
first hypothesis
paper tray
terms alone
approach showed
antecedent discourse
denote events
look closer
susanne wolff
characters appearing
n sizes
another begins
specific dictionary
see matthiessen
specific tree
catalan corpus
muriel vasconcellos
either way
similar example
string concatenation
eurotra system
reason directly
instruction giver
attitude emergence
related question
cmu shogun
processing proceeds
100 cases
output english
coverage baseline
order analyses
agreement using
different probabilistic
future challenges
derivation probabilities
2 summarize
speech dysfluencies
10 illustrates
systems recognize
message must
thompson 1987
parsed language
crt terminals
social conversation
events found
text sets
hierarchy defined
2 refer
syntactic capabilities
medical qa
peace prize
sentence expresses
qa data
experiments since
2 pairs
lexicon writer
labeling process
correct definition
lines represent
representing domain
resulting segment
l system
person called
score increases
a4a6a5 sysint
lexeme stem
verb compounds
possible syllables
grammar files
desired topic
cause may
formelle de
une souris
open area
telic expression
effective framework
features extracted
line lexicon
error caused
condition side
complex knowledge
local bus
intellectual task
bit positions
semantic matches
observation distributions
see stock
drastic reduction
linguistic sophistication
using conjunction
desired parse
accurate ranking
count c
cognate filter
exponential number
method leads
2 paragraphs
present translation
basic constant
lexical ontology
topic collection
senseval task
functions paves
entry including
context problems
detailed experimental
briefly describing
figure two
interrogative noun
restaurant script
preprocessing technique
output scores
return c
attribute concept
redundant ones
informational contents
2 predicate
significant features
solid curve
algorithm detects
electronic lexicons
discourse sequences
formal relations
informative content
5 domains
construction principles
edr corpus
language labeling
motivation tbr
parse increases
identification results
representations could
main constituent
morph lexicon
social interaction
discourse related
objects like
isomorphy principle
paradigm b
partial tagger
occurs within
unrealistic assumption
solaris 2
several parameter
utility value
turn duration
conceptual change
labels indicating
topological model
extraction project
definition specifies
match constraint
structure c
text described
simulation program
preliminary framework
tagged verb
scale data
necessary training
loved bill
depgov propagation
gives instructions
find correct
algorithms generate
controlled indexing
10 occurrences
build dependency
unimodal speech
rich sources
mutual information
morphographemic phenomena
comment briefly
common mistake
central idea
bomb placed
additional ways
scope orderings
inherent property
case illustrated
increasing availability
topic presentation
default theory
proposed classification
independent algorithms
killed mary
statistics computed
factors might
basic description
better job
blue coat
small constant
first conjunct
markov parsing
parameter tying
functions make
comprehensive lexicon
total function
lexicon words
whole paradigm
coherent way
greatest error
un temps
sentence intonation
possible topic
retrieval approach
doubt discourse
lookup stage
per discourse
grammar uses
problem instead
le verb
et en
nominative plural
conventional text
output modality
tag constraint
value field
k j
several enhancements
first goal
new interpretation
compositional goals
appropriate processing
context units
remaining question
names within
possible parse
goal p
w along
regression scores
60 subjects
forms written
five documents
poster trustworthiness
letter may
models evaluated
adverbes de
robin 1994
following constraint
national institute
discriminative structure
performance may
improve ir
initial representative
wordnet synset
training subset
text prediction
inherited attributes
wc want
simple document
helping people
structured svm
every analysis
increased error
verbal brace
straightforward task
two dissimilar
implies f
stts tagset
label string
known f
achieves similar
studies related
intrasentential syntactic
periphrastic inflection
adt specifications
convenient access
negative valency
sentences already
auxiliary classifiers
sentential modifier
content associated
time lexical
formulation described
singleton class
second effect
mean performance
citation forms
syntactic formation
produced extracts
silent pauses
new path
question categorization
arguments include
la table
chiisai botan
parsing experiments
model data
extracting domain
two relevance
de similitude
first concerns
common category
verbal cluster
important applications
ie tasks
ii project
number names
define certain
label attached
em approach
include database
complex mwes
involves checking
l words
predicate pairs
generated words
paper attempts
syntactic patterns
approaches relying
mining systems
scaling parameters
lfg parser
door open
bounding categories
human translator
measurements indicate
motivated notion
probabilities across
attention needs
english counterpart
computing precision
process helps
conceptual span
suitable term
mt output
large error
differential grammar
likely category
format appropriate
ravichandran et
extract expressions
transducer defined
derivational entropy
specific meaning
expressions headed
mihalcea et
aggregate statistics
hans paint
across subsets
constraint formalisms
shared contexts
f obj
spatial expression
semantic disambiguation
models rather
term depends
output voltage
reasonable translations
processing streams
extracting candidate
space tag
based word
implicit feature
extraction techniques
actions would
model combinations
si chuan
running programs
scale projects
interconcept mappings
alternatives per
argumentative moves
lilog project
consonant distinction
basic constructions
predictable structure
considered parts
students taking
4 contains
simple experiments
unsegmented language
contextual classifier
keyword appears
containing objects
whose location
including results
sentences vary
among events
semantic part
mgen system
woszczyna et
backtracking search
linguistic abilities
subjects appear
various event
belief net
prominent examples
axioms defined
second configuration
type set
linear strings
root condition
comparison method
complex template
search technologies
steps may
stack structure
analogical modelling
semantic bead
real problems
linguistic heuristics
workbench provides
typical dictionary
indicate optional
concept would
separate predicates
log h
set coverage
annotations may
substantial part
clustering performs
structure allows
undirected constraint
pass 4
occurrence order
linguistic abstraction
sets developed
4 level
documents including
individual items
user heard
opposite end
word w
tree grammars
bp patterns
translation records
thematic development
grammar defined
relevant corpora
tagging model
structures allowed
quab pairs
mapping structure
task amounts
individual morphological
memory resources
lexical subcategorization
states p
words tw
language transfer
certain importance
des connaissances
veins theory
like tag
data covered
collection methods
detection algorithms
grammar principle
syntactic representations
examples listed
schiffrin 1987
filter described
2 proc
one substructure
build robust
improved robustness
semantic code
trans 7
inferential process
unl language
min value
similar conceptual
atn framework
train stochastic
analyse syntaxique
50 generations
svd solution
relative dates
models 4
generic node
gradient descent
broad sense
rules vp
language server
three mistakes
entity per
occurrences within
future forms
answer according
english speaking
constraint graphs
monosemous terms
creation process
driving force
collected information
dative pronoun
performs worse
semantics subsumes
5 problems
specific additions
par ordinateur
unmemoized procedure
predicting topic
main information
superlative forms
complex statistical
effective training
different roots
adverbial adjunct
unit interval
brown section
man woman
select important
automatic abstraction
storage required
corresponding frames
training instances
places emphasis
text summarization
sentence a2
bayes learner
patterns based
particular token
deductive operations
model found
without look
pet shop
combining sets
includes information
decomposition operators
whose reliability
possible references
collocational pairs
generated responses
host machine
describes results
answers given
learning phase
formal approach
noun denotes
video paragraphs
descriptions may
analysis focused
recent studies
algorithm maps
grammar conditions
null description
different alphabets
standard noun
frequent da
kernel density
action b
ordering grammar
figure 14
optional testing
results found
state machinery
rigorous semantics
dlsi space
free node
6 summarizes
use non
relationships beyond
complete grammatical
first sample
direct mapping
g directly
sparck jones
relational structure
present list
type system
following sense
parallel element
another trend
base facts
two challenges
subj pred
memory markov
different spanish
et j
particular work
second series
usually hand
free lr
nakatani et
financial instruments
ask someone
available database
english stress
better mt
pair information
generate contextually
preliminary training
regular noun
statistical score
domain theory
provides excellent
question results
scoping preferences
correspondence among
statistical algorithms
humans build
productive word
model queries
specific tag
new individuals
quick look
equivalent proof
evaluation scores
phrasal grammar
spectral characteristics
reading difficulty
grammar dependent
dinner flights
different date
occur relatively
future researchers
single pronoun
adjacent siblings
direct hits
nominalized head
wsj sentences
daughter relations
rosch 1978
new referents
structures inside
following standard
dislog clause
statistical filtering
average difference
one architecture
language containing
lower accuracies
building large
right balance
following shows
3 program
learning treats
verb element
sections 8
merging techniques
instantiation rules
linked chains
f 1992
one computational
resolved qlf
corresponding classes
x using
automated call
level must
subsequent references
important research
errors often
vp deletion
use declarative
entity z
operations allow
state transition
provisional argument
reasons could
phenomenon may
dias et
assigning verbs
current strategy
string kernel
seed verb
expresses information
first topic
resolution results
measure compared
coherent multisentential
dominance relations
absolute gain
detail next
separate cluster
increases ambiguity
metropolitan area
longer terms
variance s2
group containing
bare construction
1 belongs
independent mixture
input cluster
ranked element
pc pairs
accuracy less
dialogue pairs
parameter using
west bank
first parse
oriented dialogue
systems got
represent entities
basic events
specific vocabulary
programs use
declarative clauses
hobbs distance
without modification
closed list
extracted knowledge
categories listed
current belief
john gives
structures consisting
related morphemes
answering agents
corresponding object
star data
nouns typically
natural conditions
within texts
state 3
initial conditions
online learner
phrasal unit
successive application
general event
available parallel
integration platform
mary worked
rules along
nodes would
feature declarations
extent determined
verb followed
computer graphics
possible root
form using
context digests
browsing tool
complex operation
synchronous point
frames together
pp objects
hard evidence
new list
que celle
distinguished daughter
coder marked
corresponding score
sequential machine
lancaster corpus
chain reaction
part list
retrieving texts
real cases
several countries
phrase p
corresponding frame
processing directions
trec 11
art parser
many efforts
tomita 1986
going vehicle
across clusters
robert bosch
mesh id
precedence rules
physical motion
left attachment
rounds 86
manner adverbials
create templates
incoming word
output specifications
distinctive aspect
generate phrases
robertson et
independent occurrences
vector encoding
language cannot
redundant answers
others show
role assignment
transformation patterns
conquer approach
morphological representation
speech tasks
annotators agree
killed john
computation required
report encouraging
contextual tests
science majors
answers corresponding
words near
select one
measures discussed
contextual reasoning
illegal strings
using charniak
fourth message
individual styles
underlying ir
fusion process
information field
3 discourse
recent successes
la bibliotheque
types represented
verbal communication
column specifies
shared plan
pending constraint
automatic resolution
subject deletion
svm learner
problems similar
using phrase
aggregate features
epsrc grant
test text
social class
semantic markedness
model generated
actually contains
mere fact
agents perform
seen pairs
1 language
features set
masculine pronoun
level automaton
certain content
five persons
gram model
require sentence
action occurred
translation uses
world graphs
task dimension
computing partnership
primitives called
associated information
broad generalizations
grammatical input
nocoll eliminate
likelihood parser
global sentence
5 cases
f values
psychological state
small datasets
compute distributional
definitions must
six wizards
table consisting
results generated
output represents
several strategies
stranded prepositions
analyzer consists
general purpose
medical slt
instrument pattern
korean sentences
participants used
richer representations
one relational
using cl
based bottom
based tnt
recursive rule
concepts listed
correlation data
global setting
phoneme similarity
major premise
character alignment
online bilingual
convergence problems
explicit assumption
semantic tagset
distinguished discourse
segment classification
words correctly
database records
individual taggers
finite input
search technology
frame determination
gold parse
murder template
cation approach
three antecedents
cannot avoid
heuristic would
paper suggest
head moves
act part
best predictor
terms belonging
cannot separate
de jean
certain item
alignment would
multiple readings
task constraints
accuracy relative
fourth experiment
syntactic shallow
reusable components
stative recall
fruitful way
current hypothesis
linear weighting
explicit call
systems compared
vocabulary entry
model exhibits
cannot learn
les cas
document managers
trec organizers
learning dialog
system interaction
detail level
event simulations
based model
rote extractors
example sequences
data separate
history network
still face
jones took
topic word
e solved
lexicon access
maintaining coherence
paraphrasing knowledge
structure composed
reuters collection
john remembered
sag 1987
matter much
considerable effort
patterns referring
n tuples
pronunciation fields
output e
unique identifier
fertility word
concept expressed
model merging
average degree
another indication
unweighted phone
duplicate documents
runoff working
performance metric
significant gains
add rules
shared variables
context clustering
sentential parsing
correctly predicts
pour la
given subtree
sentences 5
act code
historical background
recent techniques
respective nodes
allowed users
plausible combinations
ambiguous dependency
substantial impact
reference 3
present investigation
role objects
des liaisons
judges agreed
pluperfect clause
users found
naturm language
system w
unbiased sample
round one
still capture
fern plant
greater complexity
pronominal antecedents
n letters
expert system
distinct paths
recognizing patterns
sense distinctions
inuktitut word
condition must
neutral context
texts belonging
dialog strategy
database semantics
statistic measures
global temporal
another results
size l
word attributes
keats steals
parameters include
string object
patterns de
next call
sample dataset
either frequency
valid time
referential form
given element
document per
even outperforms
see figs
logic may
one phrasal
analysis suggests
within entries
le systems
african swallow
plural dummy
error state
new likelihood
load class
independent case
linguistic atlas
phrasal attachment
distance costs
constituent questions
syntactic closure
towards learning
une loi
augmented rgraphs
corresponding states
null language
context might
translate queries
conventional combinations
included ill
high ratio
typical order
et ha
many reference
order f
improving efficiency
first story
words corresponding
frequent tagging
unique word
subsequent anaphoric
random sentences
preceding segments
free occurrences
input dimensions
character error
name ambiguity
gross et
description applies
two dependency
happens quite
two gene
two templates
pattern representing
annotation categories
discourse factors
values determined
hypothesis ne
best mapping
web crawler
consistency property
fourth iteration
hierarchical bayesian
input together
current goal
acoustic confidence
itou et
relational extension
subsections present
since part
stemmed words
internet sites
pattern pool
classes group
parallel hyperlinks
examples see
column three
strong demand
logarithmic opinion
semantic bias
man showed
concept rule
perfect form
three prefixes
brooks 1995
statistical computations
italian sentence
source languages
additional burden
rst name
paper details
entities seen
tag generating
modified input
scale semantic
called macro
intended sentence
six melons
semantic form
ambiguous instances
industry objects
intended acts
worked examples
model relative
asserted meaning
generation routines
contained units
algorithmic solution
centroid annotator
let tc
unit vectors
4 translation
approach raises
final section
parler de
studies indicate
acceptance threshold
null additionally
extend existing
bilingual task
answering challenge
presentation goals
informational content
e division
first root
whose concept
best predictions
information left
atomic arguments
interesting experiment
empty yield
overall efficiency
left link
bolander 1992
strong indicator
experiments testing
desktop computer
current concerns
results relative
use material
alignments obtained
kipper et
lexicai head
automatic runs
acoustic space
unary operator
interpretation processes
np planner
conceptual apparatus
textual designator
features many
efficient treatment
fold speedup
similar lexical
connected discourse
adjunct pps
informative priors
formal justifications
utterance forms
nikkei corpus
likely analyses
features words
a107 a13
subject verb
speaker dependent
exception occurs
corpus encoding
also reasons
entropy tagger
heavy burden
system specifically
peak around
hence easy
generates two
class include
symbols including
gives example
foot formation
formalism presented
four codebooks
semantic intent
formatting tags
asr stop
andrei mikheev
belief environments
contemporary linguistics
choice test
candidates associated
result provides
jim glass
vprime iff
sentence provides
individual machines
separate items
inactive rule
sine wave
expository reasons
following subset
predicate calculus
input items
following forms
transducer inference
two instances
ron et
red cross
called indirect
little ambiguity
damerau 1964
general conceptual
1 relation
existing document
lies outside
words mean
numerous language
component matches
transportable nlp
model semantic
els task
bouillon et
within model
matthew stone
appropriate length
clause identification
task faced
special category
different size
disambiguation knowledge
thus belongs
ordinary software
information fields
generic engine
factoid evaluation
story structure
two pegs
taxonomic class
different style
distribution vector
best rules
human minds
original parses
called link
find relevant
sample bias
phonemic symbols
model consist
automatic generation
work may
need methods
previous page
invaluable tool
october 2002
vector a17
linguistic lexicalization
traditional language
rule 12
foreach word
sentences often
collection software
produce domain
dialogue type
ontology knowledge
learning grammars
government policy
likelihood value
task web
sun solaris
negative inheritance
conceptual analyzer
tile process
semantic trees
un point
possible constraints
using terms
making inferences
show us
defined time
3 ghz
reading would
among discourse
new values
model labels
goodness score
large tip
factors must
based question
every woman
verb move
free case
fewer classes
data corpora
minimal transducer
original sequence
grammar inference
sacrificing precision
satisfying way
user judgments
containing variables
hand aligned
possible inferences
sentence errors
management group
permitted discourse
relevant factor
formalism requires
produce candidate
initial significance
schmm probability
tateisi et
better efficiency
language part
du fran
longueur de
computation savings
narrower sense
discuss issues
assume tree
clans la
dependency constituency
definition pair
provide ways
model may
name like
facilitates understanding
annual report
without proof
consistent text
attributive use
hypergeometric distribution
human discourse
opaque readings
local score
grammatical ambiguity
input al
defining relations
oriented expert
exhaustive analysis
several decisions
left satellite
phrases actually
whose ranking
reaction b
model first
binding chains
dioxide level
three paths
appropriate places
following utterance
hmm arc
standard scoring
patent retrieval
respective text
results may
edges denote
triage problem
forms differ
density metric
realization schema
experiments consist
mental phenomena
inferential structure
integration issues
factored tag
human conversational
various operators
tropical latitudes
intended interpretations
many idioms
selector feature
2 depicts
findings also
results first
statistical engine
original markup
finite ambiguity
recursive non
entities occur
dialog goal
local node
concerning information
chunk labels
systems process
vocabulary space
methods tend
dependent string
see text
multimodal documents
bias toward
des traitements
types also
change type
similar compounds
suitable model
au moins
bracketed corpora
considered word
fields plus
nl processors
using c5
sans doute
operation using
specific hypotheses
grammar associates
right projection
unique event
conceptual structure
logical quantifiers
basic program
hierarchical hidden
fundamental property
good dictionary
application modules
de tout
associates conditional
linguistic markers
every cycle
information delivered
plural quantifiers
model integrates
utterances occur
text sequence
de deux
feature string
see aho
words defined
category registry
honorific form
chunk may
real terms
privileged status
null relation
developed statistical
examples might
travel expert
baseline itg
technique shows
tile matching
10 recall
represent relationships
simple corpora
slots correctly
level phrases
justification chain
different distance
dependent modelling
expression says
techniques reported
null proaches
multiple number
descriptive information
akkadian verbs
automatic correction
external file
system hypothesizes
subtree whose
method defines
different punctuation
potential targets
query terms
crucial point
dialogue protocols
analysis engines
examples illustrating
recursive base
current topic
sentences needed
innovative techniques
voting approach
growing attention
types involved
lexical group
similar scheme
argument requirements
theory development
b denotes
lcs database
types across
constituent also
clusters may
false accepts
algorithm compared
current parse
lexicalized grammar
test data
topical category
structure contains
possible right
second panel
make opposite
distant languages
task shows
prosodic discourse
implementation follows
c occurs
corresponding case
two angles
eliminate impossible
text markup
located mech
online product
twelve possible
existing database
allophonic cluster
whose arguments
representation structure
rather crude
diabetic retinopathy
point concerns
latter relation
5 terms
sentence h
vector comparison
heuristic rule
metric serves
technical difficulty
e applied
categorization tasks
mary presented
allows word
grammatical rules
modeling word
heuristics look
fox news
terms describing
semantic tokens
property must
language changes
speech acts
cannot reconstruct
initial voicing
ture structures
time series
rule ill
document frequencies
s1 wants
combined f
compute similarity
sentence fi
entire range
unfortunate consequence
left labeling
ordinary feature
filters based
using messages
3 w
generic entities
3 female
blind alleys
specific world
good evidence
example 31
frequency profile
a0 sentences
basic discourse
side matches
assignment functions
links may
via voice
noise level
x symbol
bigram list
clause ordering
regularisation using
space efficient
value 1
smoothed bigram
procedures employed
evaluating parser
terrorist activity
great service
japanese companies
rates due
declarative constraints
classifying text
event seed
two recognizers
alternating strokes
trec data
adjectival attachment
trainin g
update process
time referred
assessor could
potential utility
corresponding themes
frequent response
organisational framework
bounce ing
krifka 1992
allows us
lexicon including
collaborative completions
usaf rome
plan node
later section
used tn
score range
groupes locutionnels
relation need
fixed phrases
telecom r
states created
independent properties
predicate according
core routine
category number
approach derives
statistic used
x loves
two coreference
relation takes
pipeline approach
bisyllabic word
arbitrary languages
scarce resource
extended method
rate even
integrates canned
first dimension
value disjunction
strong quantifiers
disjunction names
linear system
slots corresponding
expository text
general character
occurring pair
anchor nodes
letter n
one violation
individual reference
given move
flat path
corresponding argument
structure execution
hindi parallel
performance improved
generate sentences
one ignores
intermediate phrases
helpful feedback
discriminating power
new frames
antecedents slot
categories might
internal complexity
purpose clause
additional sources
information base
smoothing procedure
menu system
trees introduced
annotators often
unspecified number
fewer states
dialogue stack
finnish word
effect changes
initial phrases
example feature
language analyser
standard wsj
common template
inhaled corticosteroids
four methods
single position
scale cepstral
lowest penalty
bidirectional way
error conditions
netscape navigator
run shows
word segmentation
3 kinds
discriminating features
charniak 2000
first article
null pus
sample tokens
speaker clusters
formula 6
7 data
prefers one
morphological disambiguation
evaluation comparing
rare exceptions
1 models
single output
knowledge modeling
object construction
array processor
context based
tenant compte
pairwise sampling
mutual compensation
different ne
evidence obtained
tim result
english renderings
interactive character
dictionaries give
structures instead
art system
rapp 1995
participle verb
left ibm
desired sense
discontinuous constituents
evaluation sets
primary structures
process along
term belonging
monosemous word
several solutions
sets 2
given assignment
lexical aspect
articles extracted
original task
concept base
key property
state 10
prediction component
reasoning strategies
overall aim
calculation mechanism
algorithms discussed
construction time
temporal structure
equal likelihood
airline flights
copy model
sentences via
describe general
use without
government sponsors
single partial
learning components
temporal tagging
n deshou
closed classes
000 entry
meronymic relations
experimental conditions
corpus sentences
count thresholds
iso 10646
birds fly
reduced matrix
sentence conversion
intermediate indices
erent syntactic
right translation
recherche du
compares different
extraction mechanism
2 pages
test queries
better sentence
length constraint
nespole domains
efficient tree
standard suffix
paradigmatic behavior
although speech
mathematical operations
7 days
recognition experiments
kept simple
der fritz
many advantages
default size
new classes
bn data
second plan
specific background
via contract
languages may
constituent produced
des phonemes
denote elements
particular sort
uses hand
determine user
work mainly
ascending order
corpus mentioned
names occurring
intersentential anaphora
five layers
sentence goes
previous hmm
work independently
directed backward
proceed like
related document
pages according
tags generating
present account
adjective phrases
wrong attachment
csr corpus
simple bigram
concepts might
monolingual wsd
single x
judicious use
modules available
frequently results
many operations
evaluation described
also aid
ri e
structural mismatches
keyword translation
planner described
column tells
traditional paper
indirect objects
underlying translation
called ibm
creates rules
occurrences among
pronouns appear
separate type
adequate job
ordered scale
limited sample
sense rather
dictionary look
nam e
grammar encoding
pattern analysis
problem areas
input type
relations inside
synonymous collocations
satis ability
domain reasoner
relation rules
node spanning
coherence structures
nonnegative solution
content portions
35 minutes
relations automatically
raw co
numerical weather
expression template
compositional information
every group
xml mark
daughter must
noun lists
possible sense
parse might
24 ace
business letters
context term
anchor point
proposed measure
relevancy vector
simple stories
another clue
texture resolution
systems employ
langage de
n content
25 iterations
counting procedures
end vertex
trec queries
identify constituents
high front
using ebl
type identity
constraint system
consistency among
eliminate redundant
a34 a36
newspaper editorials
multilingual translation
kanji strings
careful choice
science laboratory
30 minute
adjacency list
cfg parsers
transcription process
mohri et
derived word
mt literature
ces provides
futurate progressive
several questions
predictions would
embedded words
continue interpretation
content publishers
two extreme
recording sessions
general lexical
programming procedures
metaphorical sentences
longer word
token stop
successful translation
indexing problem
dan fass
b z
4 specifies
strategies implemented
tree pumping
lattice search
entropy based
space algorithm
ngram sizes
lexical cohesion
final piece
verb contexts
indicate agreement
label 2
state annotations
z uses
lexicon feature
service support
intelligent systems
likelihoods using
combining strategies
null models
potential segment
name elements
a18 a0
maximum chart
marker propagation
good morning
mere word
confidence rate
unresolved qlfs
relation like
allen relations
defined interface
implementation described
new decision
idiomatic information
type preference
several statistics
complement information
student utterance
reciprocal pronouns
since trees
alice saw
sense 4
domains would
governor algorithm
represent insertions
online service
array system
telephone directory
court held
problem noted
theoretic method
pair string
little interaction
peuvent pas
boundary zone
another weakness
excellent basis
parce qu
dialogue according
human conversation
anne feeds
ternary task
pattern arcs
reasonable accuracy
interactive lexical
quotation mark
therefore require
prediction prototype
include time
kind used
first constraint
parameter 0
common operation
specificity value
using zero
classifier performs
literature makes
following letter
raw pattern
parses according
list approach
semantic relations
5 collection
undesirable property
important observation
since answers
describe multiple
like algorithm
include speech
grammar documentation
explain later
random pairs
language bias
compute automatically
ambiguity management
case need
tile selected
return l
difference becomes
semantic considerations
sentential coordination
density functions
generated feature
100 word
query based
form 0
cannot occur
news report
many simple
host computer
damage control
system belief
discover patterns
statistical signi
monotonic composition
dollar amounts
language form
query asks
intended recognition
recall improves
address three
future processing
16 khz
two abstract
noun ni
familiar way
traffic problem
verbs contained
teaching tools
hierarchical discourse
5500 training
conventional ocr
corpus exploration
another country
inheritance path
use sub
slots defined
vein expressions
matches c
structure l
semantic depth
52 sentences
machine instructions
case ambiguity
human interaction
deletion function
monotone phrase
distinguer les
correspondences among
isolated characters
lis form
abstract process
oag database
flat list
anchor text
porting method
basque dictionary
phoneme lattice
term banks
verbal reference
superarv tagging
four topics
individual communities
match occurs
cdg parser
entries corresponding
respective data
amongst terms
four approaches
item belongs
authority figure
lexical fields
thus conclude
lower bound
research carried
also belongs
dependent mode
predicted user
remaining experiments
particular summary
average increase
robustness component
bar denotes
car bomb
whose conclusion
selective connections
every aspect
independent architecture
suffixing rule
null mar
partial model
identification numbers
word specific
dashed box
classifying utterances
consistent combinations
level deeper
missing data
research prototype
avoid inconsistency
want something
particles may
lexical equivalences
role attribute
3500 sentences
information 1
comparator entity
normalized frequencies
third evaluation
caller requests
retrieve names
function 1
frame would
even simpler
c change
corresponding properties
hidden class
300 occurrences
positional patterns
item utterances
agreement figures
third option
similar characters
syllable ends
executing agent
category competition
lr tables
specific algorithm
alternation patterns
child would
feature category
minimum symbol
evaluation framework
research sites
among elements
master program
general compounds
versus right
infer rules
mental lexicons
np parser
occurs significantly
including language
sentence expressing
theoretical framework
binary response
line interactive
fenstad et
features directly
rule lhs
speech often
utterance ui
shallow discourse
measuring units
particular speaker
footnote 5
rss feeds
available grammar
domain size
patient record
distinguished attributes
tile structure
erroneous chains
reference annotations
error accumulation
prepositional forms
performance achievable
conversation acts
productive lexical
edinburgh eh8
ph hd
parsing time
probability field
reliably estimate
factoid words
newton methods
fh tree
frequent constructions
grammar debugging
knowledge automatically
baseline accuracy
planning requires
expanded phrase
language categories
presented algorithms
approach without
training process
26 cases
private beliefs
grammars written
initial source
icsi meetings
german document
parsing speech
technical descriptions
interval representation
dialogue memory
synonymous sentence
second attribute
taxonomy kernel
word sample
alternative procedures
action nominal
semitic languages
language trees
regular inflectional
detailed breakdown
sentence focus
top performer
government sponsored
wrong link
correct decisions
sont plus
large subclass
accuracy name
multiple knowledge
cannot yet
dence interval
counting expressions
parsing accuracies
question belongs
application example
possible transitions
trigger phrases
lexical pre
indicates results
takes care
embedded negotiation
human preferences
grammatical elements
similarity 0
maximal f
refer explicitly
appropriate threshold
hba3 a56a72a56
new pair
latter may
identity matrix
lames martin
processing follows
user writes
resulting automata
report describes
continuous observation
64 words
intended end
simple time
one subject
wil leren
logical focus
head primitive
shift differs
factors considered
vocabulary could
positive restriction
detection recall
keyword list
space corresponds
individual student
linking scores
specific support
type hierarchies
adjacent strings
saw two
polynomial expansion
temporal extension
left neighbors
simple speech
fifth step
better answer
tournament model
coordinate conjunction
repeated errors
overarching goal
oll tile
response using
partial bracketing
akira kurematsu
following potential
based scheme
child company
evaluation criteria
phonotactic structure
first sense
relations concerning
system asked
rightmost noun
many chunks
based cross
theoretical criteria
davy 1969
senses among
gram distribution
still plays
syntactic organization
theory involving
recorded speech
human annotation
automatic application
exploits information
noun entities
german experiments
auxiliary table
across sites
free recall
model relates
high overall
entailment model
vector pairs
source grammars
adjunct types
pcfg g
orthographic changes
domain within
development time
mary could
complicating factor
rate response
des besoins
spelling check
tagged resources
agent whose
ok ek
showed improvement
rectangular coordinates
grammatical annotation
variable meaning
connectionist systems
induction program
recall values
previous screen
beings tend
clause would
rdf document
given correct
including numbers
phonological features
multisom model
generic relationships
inverse relations
de que
tim results
like coordination
lauri karttunen
adnominal particle
definite quantifier
semantic corpus
reference works
single repair
ascii character
distribution used
casual inspection
filling rule
distinguish cases
approaches towards
srl problem
neighbour sets
task oriented
cooking domain
per kilo
general characteristics
level component
distinct preposition
readable sources
unique character
defining term
grammar capable
80 hours
every left
accent prediction
identity semantics
projective parse
choices according
purpose search
wsj treebank
contains elements
one intervening
certain order
perform text
several top
rules except
level sentences
repair interval
projectivity hypothesis
prosodic elements
information plays
definite subjects
de ji
e taken
substantial corpus
rafle om
several features
yet exists
semantic approach
single participant
hours later
issues encountered
mass distinction
use inheritance
allowable sequences
complement position
coherence assessment
subset construction
aspectual verb
test settings
hearer old
meaning constructors
japanese alignment
level students
semantic side
expressions tend
item numbers
short expressions
constraints alone
simple yet
items appearing
cognitive models
logical formalisms
simple discourses
relations exist
boosting approach
old rules
node ml
generating incorrect
name class
segment 3
system goal
main branch
general advice
event label
best class
nn algorithm
adjoined tree
test semantic
parent company
improving recognition
c b
tile unl
histogram beam
verbal idioms
symbol e
jam agents
brief comparison
governing word
longer duration
a71 a43
syllable word
two equations
requirement may
omitted word
focus theory
candidate correct
structured dialogue
boundary following
whose test
topic discussed
reservation domain
original questions
term management
methodological approaches
individual operations
stanley peters
ries et
primarily use
three assumptions
divide sentences
surface temperatures
merit consideration
annotation files
forms provided
global optimisation
feature number
functional attributes
latter kind
du module
whether quantifiers
american sign
prosodic annotation
provides part
lexeme layer
strong focus
word window
support relation
particular variant
different spelling
1994 arpa
act relations
semantic behavior
speech recognition
evidence proposed
feel confident
aforementioned work
tools need
called embedding
action verbs
names located
intersecting composition
predicate expressions
daciuk et
second consonant
frequent events
noun co
entries defined
critique system
motivated classification
samples drawn
elliptical phenomena
score based
ilp phase
syntactically coherent
daily corpus
basic kinds
methodology followed
schank et
uninstantiated variables
efficiency problem
senses occurring
current ltag
done twice
r 2
centroid vectors
relatedness scores
using texts
computational inefficiency
else use
tbe system
sample corpus
paris planning
possible subset
baseline comparison
definition would
possible forms
recent study
viterbi process
distinct translation
case complexity
every year
japanese speaker
extract significant
proposed c
examples must
additional treatment
current article
manual scores
control group
industry sector
3 steps
matching instances
accuracy due
lexical meanings
fixed sentences
overall recognition
desired utterance
lhe text
correspondence function
argument z
ma10 da9
audio content
greater probability
size v
ascription rule
day work
available senses
start menu
learning subcategorization
textual adjacency
relation elements
pronoun also
alternative expressions
producing output
features including
parse based
practical need
linguist interface
english mesh
plausible alignments
normalization may
parser supports
communicative process
written registers
parameters vectorth
elements contained
systems thus
described experiments
limited amounts
classes 1
x depends
double consonants
particular mode
correction method
three transformations
linguistic dialogue
although nothing
initial component
linguistic roles
direct addressing
integrated task
practical tool
sharing information
dem kunden
worth making
educational tool
particular category
overlap coefficient
resolve definite
natural sentences
annotation uses
search finds
effective algorithms
correct classifications
1 alignments
initial sentences
proposed use
context width
hearer needs
church 1993
perceived needs
entropy word
preliminary versions
shortened form
probable way
babar uses
among attributes
discusses three
knowledge concerning
produce multi
resource type
prefix morphological
topics 51
learning experience
4 classes
german parallel
alternate way
query retrieves
oct89 test
statistical package
precision recall
probabilities could
phrase modeling
lot like
two mouse
cannot reach
noun pattern
partial correctness
derivation cannot
moon rocks
quand il
test sections
text statistics
always refers
little effort
relation annotation
strategy leads
matched based
sound grammar
typical situations
idiosyncratic language
stem may
pronunciation classification
binding information
available alternative
one fails
lp trees
negative correlation
null procedure
target label
entry word
form depends
entity consists
translated sentence
constraints tbr
different tag
present argument
one chooses
semantic files
basis functions
score zero
goals must
h must
ambiguous fragments
possible utterance
automatic anaphora
automatic dialogue
temporal constant
directed processing
common scale
texts collected
rules cause
referential uses
text snippet
n figure
sentence problem
available dictionaries
un nom
chance baseline
daughter phrases
processing described
much complexity
lm performs
collocational expressions
bruce 1997
real word
expanded terms
shared representation
textual umts
40 pages
contributions may
module takes
boy admires
article could
formal symbolic
correct paraphrase
actual dialogue
test passages
example demonstrating
also prevents
c times
double duty
individual turns
definite functions
robust process
test nouns
type transducer
based nlg
preprocessing operations
semantic recipes
available modalities
baseline technique
resulting dataset
another scenario
search statement
predictable ambiguity
humans 1
grammatical class
merged model
used pos
edited output
valuable source
logical problem
whereas recall
excessive use
edge subsumes
revised john
query word
indoeuropean languages
three l
left part
purpose ie
generalized rewriting
news information
even news
complete pattern
research lab
specialized case
constituent co
mental adjectives
sentences appearing
prefix al
human effort
another language
parliament proceedings
b precedes
main eventuality
new difficulty
der linden
long turns
times using
condition mentioned
rms error
unsupervised estimation
ocr data
ordinary logic
different vocabulary
generative transformations
serial dependency
situation viewed
categories must
morphological units
temporal description
finite class
represent work
special subclass
object designated
unaligned words
discourse hierarchy
parallel grammar
following processing
legal categories
kare wo
5 word
two fragments
synonym candidates
entity relationships
actee part
8 prec
morphosyntactic cues
linear sequences
course possible
subsequent utterance
data reported
chinese university
ordinal number
portions corresponding
disfluencies per
message pairs
word root
3 probability
change operations
finding system
informal evaluation
function without
pairwise samples
process theory
per sample
evaluates candidate
erjavec et
cooccurrence frequency
features several
certain observations
score better
clustering module
assigns sense
project managers
spontaneous training
example indicates
generated anew
knowledge types
four feature
testing methodology
rhetorical knowledge
known classifications
four examples
bounded context
assessor judged
create complex
sensitive processing
false acceptance
function arg
null alignments
clinical outcome
known solutions
alternative pronunciation
discourse modules
form correspondence
b lists
dice threshold
times worse
web monitor
retrieval component
initial prototype
declarative forms
contains attributes
essential feature
sometimes occurs
ed f
une unit
bell smoothing
things could
syntactic actants
w b
monolingual case
reversed order
logical inputs
multimodal constructions
finished speaking
linguistic interest
annotated test
significant degradation
bruce willis
third system
instances correctly
system parse
techniques assume
arbitrary grammars
muchmore project
represent universal
verbal subcategorisation
ad absurdum
response schemas
ratio statistic
uses rich
following step
constant b
turn constrains
91 evaluation
exist multiple
serious questions
multiplication problem
solve ambiguities
systems share
list must
ar en
grammars fail
acceptable phrase
mismatch problems
prepended phrase
general effect
concepts must
clitic subject
structural knowledge
time synchronous
trend surveys
vector regression
presupposition resolution
per topic
logic augmented
relationship using
three lines
thanh nhan
particular number
called code
functional syntactic
information contents
karin kipper
swerts et
three translation
table giving
level sentiment
individual chunks
knowl edge
primary benefit
corpus creation
memory models
simple interface
relational discourse
interact multimodally
character represents
original top
quirk 1985
occur later
four factors
art approaches
context model
original features
sense variations
handle diverse
data ill
role filling
specific implementations
coordinate phrase
michael moortgat
linguistic reasoning
commercial interest
speech situation
additional property
900 mhz
cosine metric
chen 1991
f would
always use
overall rating
equation 6
prise system
case elements
also conclude
matching antecedent
long chunks
explicit instructions
incorrect dependency
parent rule
objects using
rules still
two players
root represents
la couverture
incorrect templates
related probabilities
abstract structure
typical function
trigram method
style descriptions
falls somewhere
l terms
full manual
template extraction
prover uses
offers little
using tnt
using bottom
needs analysis
formed ones
many name
declarative utterance
universal categories
function letters
conduit model
several lists
overall situation
use unification
resulting form
three notions
preceding non
system helps
correct inputs
present lexicon
shown iu
programming interface
gives priority
cancer patients
types presented
richer knowledge
black boxes
4 states
clause rule
situation arises
noun chains
estimation data
estimated probability
finding words
parse large
fast way
parsing ill
yield significant
target points
discusses various
morphological reading
channel spelling
relation class
3 deals
extract collocations
bayes decision
since corpus
several parsers
module finds
similarity extraction
vector machines
set weakening
f linguistic
approaches fall
r statistical
overwhelming number
combination stage
extraposition metarule
match process
linguistic activities
rewrite rules
using model
major factor
nps based
steps leading
list automaton
statistical decoder
unfortunate side
subset contained
system shell
properties within
large scale
objective evaluation
sparse feature
q could
acceptable range
a114 a204
reference level
result also
issue regarding
1 agent
der wagen
kay regular
particular perspective
text features
real event
relevant pieces
separate procedures
target adjective
factors mentioned
chinese origin
search procedure
text also
kappa values
ok nounphrase
questions collected
since state
models called
microelectronics domain
three counts
constant within
support semantic
contain domain
reduction may
first utterance
name probability
identify basic
relative information
task manager
plan descriptions
semantic conditions
set could
using systran
tony blair
section two
whose derivation
rules later
extracted fi
take context
taxi driver
unknown predicates
language variety
dictation applications
two extremes
standard configuration
tasks associated
di assisi
conclusion drawn
phrase break
groupe de
table cells
et deux
compounds like
subject honorific
human syntactic
paraphrases without
component relations
clear way
extended graph
two times
execution mode
allows lexical
feature redundancy
incorrect instances
entropy model
following process
preferred parses
methods since
l max
laboratory setting
4 illustrates
japanese restaurant
person questions
term dictionary
entire word
typed default
optimal ensemble
open variable
using indices
also models
chart must
luo si
subject made
additional dictionary
memory may
trigger sentences
goal attribute
relevancy signatures
explicit coding
component makes
null subjects
cannot enter
given j
mixture density
document consists
segment c
spam messages
proposing referents
composite kernel
global history
two accounts
golden standard
cardinal numerals
substrings within
find matches
low frequent
correcting speech
entities cannot
associative rules
factive verbs
another relation
surface shape
verb selects
annotated portions
independence conditions
new lexicon
sgall et
resulting trees
tile tense
real example
given scope
2 ill
speech interval
possible antecedent
text surrounding
syntactic priming
paraphrase collection
pronominal enclitics
english tend
element phrases
early child
extension method
di padova
textual summary
dependent knowledge
almost half
incorporate various
linux operating
appropriate definitions
required changes
given grammar
3 pfbs
parser needs
definiteness attributes
algorithm thus
neighboring arguments
intended verb
point constraint
bu er
query example
bamileke dschang
path resolution
new voting
words ending
une sorte
alignment layer
form alone
parser use
existing speech
calculus language
given cr
create documents
complete context
proper number
grammar together
spoken words
different canonical
extracting hypernyms
relevance assessment
binding x
default tag
expensive resource
perfect translations
specialized lexicon
better solution
recherche scientifique
parse texts
similar contexts
dm like
except p
available ontologies
contiguous string
computational accounts
cohen 1996
significant consequences
automated word
either b
query model
since th
present stem
become non
words detected
category includes
collocation types
korean corpora
correct features
multilingual wsd
model augmented
gram database
utterance within
create two
train three
5 example
linguistic expert
match occurred
interactive qa
static categories
analytical methods
specific dialog
goal types
contained texts
recursive applications
derivational affixes
grade categories
tuples matched
proposal probability
antecedent box
node whose
establish correct
generation algorithms
standard centering
spl plans
web track
r ratio
implementation strategies
document relationships
tagged text
pragmatic heuristics
different worlds
9 c
xml tools
level measures
performs badly
minimal word
reasoning power
tag matching
dimensional tables
de corpus
preference rules
contains syntactic
house sales
ascending algorithm
word trigram
based beam
5 model
nlp literature
authors describe
rules necessary
following idea
component might
generalizes better
whole truth
potential garden
mary drove
application discussed
qualia element
selection systems
omdat ik
given unit
verbs give
treebank parse
nine categories
project algorithms
locative adverbial
play baseball
traditional generative
defence research
may effect
tile syllable
grammars differ
similar tendencies
phoneme representation
sentence ek
conditions according
rule already
policy change
generation schemes
monosyllabic word
primary aim
ich glaube
user response
utterance distance
read every
slot within
croco corpus
jo calder
compact grammar
complex formalisms
1 n
basic steps
unambiguous strings
databases used
context question
corpus used
turn divided
empty cept
work primarily
selectional information
matched word
resolution models
verb instead
verbal chunks
3 sample
space around
gael dias
reversible architecture
verb dictionaries
mercury news
pronominal referents
produce near
decimal number
without spaces
th context
corpus covered
morphological relations
great freedom
sharp laboratories
sign language
average tf
size 7
ner module
plan consists
frequent ambiguity
word constraints
years ago
operation depends
evaluation requirements
describe complex
proper perspective
language independent
tables 11
beam width
graphe de
la description
mutual knowledge
sized windows
word removal
expect f
extent necessary
child non
text produced
time unit
route descriptions
extract sentence
varies inversely
appropriate format
character sets
unique element
tone model
one alignment
disambiguation errors
human segmentation
mean entropy
untagged texts
management tools
news tonight
speaker cluster
use prolog
candidate unit
e increases
algorithm illustrated
mental images
new stem
scoping constraints
word rank
every disjunction
collocation lattice
blue square
cohesive structure
alphabet f
past narrative
exact computation
semantic mapper
relevant domain
right node
basic strategy
denote specific
spoken responses
require hand
adjacency pair
content area
small steps
computed word
want two
processing overload
finite probability
cannot fully
solver may
two tdfss
factor might
elr fragment
brill tagger
learnt policy
yan yi
part would
reliably discriminate
net loss
nonreflexive pronouns
tipster ii
material object
modern arabic
least nodes
structure indicated
adjacent bsus
eliminates redundant
using question
vast differences
additional meaning
analysis typically
bakeoff test
boundaries provided
work focused
different parsing
linguistic realization
important criteria
using owl
defined domain
machine agents
trent lott
one summary
complex graphs
points per
b co
discourse chunking
large parameter
lewis carroll
communicative structure
numeric expression
set examples
erroneous information
core phrase
known features
node nk
single substring
segments according
variables x
log space
based assignment
analysis conducted
holophrastic data
fixed amount
work lies
first child
derived p
different hypotheses
dop parser
examples considered
de th
construction cannot
report verbs
recent investigations
bengali names
question may
draws upon
value unification
ten subjects
state translation
components individually
task compared
rules within
anatomic modifier
retention score
4 case
class represent
xiang ge
planning information
advising domain
like grammars
corresponding improvements
state path
composite score
562 words
r tile
bill went
good algorithm
considerable success
procedures defined
offer greater
parent non
average performance
two documents
feature template
tutoring spoken
000 examples
john dooner
record keeping
paraphrased sentences
one query
discourse event
paper would
distilling dialogues
determining factors
superficial similarity
syntactic label
system led
distance values
constant length
seed point
one second
detect candidate
refined grammar
features perform
two party
original lists
temporal axis
commonwealth scholarship
database predicates
helpful guidance
psychological predicates
combined task
trace np
common errors
previous pos
words identified
best runs
method avoids
corresponding slots
sequent calculi
criterion 4
user workstation
identification procedure
based filter
particular transformation
new company
partial derivatives
actual realization
target chinese
model lies
objet de
6 b
parser took
thematic relation
sign whose
particular stylistic
technology office
given senses
potential abbreviation
edges correspond
mathematical structures
lexical tools
3 clauses
limited sense
great differences
reasonable thing
template fill
brand name
word right
ascii characters
thus building
g prime
automatic integration
active pattern
operating proflts
syntactic construction
discretisation methods
drastic changes
model formally
preceding material
first antecedent
told bill
20 people
stage cascade
parts must
hybrid rule
subjective case
one error
produce corresponding
left trees
notation without
use formula
score evaluator
function measuring
stems stream
entire example
related articles
f rule
supporting software
naive top
determine content
role representation
transliteration pair
handles several
representative paragraph
another region
case covering
morphology engine
designer must
nothing specific
played soccer
purpose resources
arck jones
core platform
complex problem
propositions using
factors recursion
great difficulty
a124 a7
search attributes
specific grammars
basic tenses
task still
discourse purpose
conjunction operator
frontal axis
efficiency gains
subjective judgements
ssn uses
entire model
one minus
strongly context
realization specifications
level edge
word vp
recognition time
elsu system
value k
test name
edit detection
deux arguments
acoustic representations
roulet et
midas works
branching process
ich mschte
cohen 1995
type inter
course credit
various contexts
raw information
candidate senses
main knowledge
quality results
empirical research
small probability
acd structures
index must
different papers
textual category
reduce human
additional tag
several subcategories
sentential components
manipulation functions
world assumption
incorporate global
features computed
separate chunks
domain restriction
lexical connections
ambiguous structure
many actions
syntax processing
includes knowledge
input chunks
various optimizations
verb agreement
actual user
phonetic analysis
likely sequence
backward transliteration
agent interaction
event flelds
relation probability
landmark object
program shows
score model
recognition accuracies
perform less
related grammar
second representation
sense distinction
joint inference
utterance length
vp nodes
lattice nodes
lhc l
semantic significance
adjoining fl
sufficient detail
context cj
inputs may
weak verbs
set perplexity
questions pertaining
null constituents
tagger made
act must
appropriate tags
three hours
articles related
movement operation
controlled user
language uses
first letter
phrase types
concept identifiers
restricted number
wider contexts
learning field
reverse process
second mechanism
information stream
lca data
sensible interpretation
reference translation
structure seems
arc corresponds
linguistics volume
retrieval measures
map sentences
parsed clauses
conceptual ambiguity
collaborative interface
cognitive agent
modules developed
accurate tagging
paragraph contains
sampling strategies
minimal example
japan admire
low con
svd dimensions
describe results
word web
commercial deployment
decomposition techniques
interpreting telephone
ultimate aim
les constructions
place rather
lexical contents
possible cause
syntactic associations
idiomatic readings
additional vocabulary
segment appears
3 inches
either null
coordinated structure
additional restriction
full automation
gazdar 1985
embedding process
following describes
comparison result
lisp programming
keyword pair
pronoun co
lexical tuples
specification method
lexicons must
reduce recognizer
relation resolution
order statistics
crafted systems
properties specified
commercial transcripts
eliminating rules
statistical work
forward leg
blind test
ordering categories
seeking interactions
synonym names
entity annotators
interpretation given
wrong part
contextually bound
different definitions
parser works
output per
restriction associated
encoding algorithm
parsing processes
constraint feature
technology programs
space limitation
bar charts
procedure uses
primal problem
valid elementary
presentational purposes
hierarchical syntactic
k tokens
web portal
unimportant sentences
several goals
two bounding
trailing pps
general similarity
msr data
five kinds
needs one
basic goal
first week
lexical classification
current dependency
action mapping
size required
recursive unification
structure score
metadata repository
texts come
involves determining
pattern classifier
word w1
directive question
test functions
additional modifier
string slots
linguistic biases
nlp perspective
spanish task
appropriate mapping
metadata harvesting
experimental comparison
ordinary noun
de passer
cooperative man
single start
minority group
different background
original regular
efficient algorithm
extract answer
et syntaxique
computational structure
good interpretation
rationality model
computed bottom
acquisition tools
male speakers
word along
structure node
indefinite articles
cognition group
rates associated
connecting links
initial edge
classical example
genuine ambiguity
facilitate recognition
rough drafts
subj attribute
seminar announcements
unknown items
reasonable improvement
katakana phrases
thus n
selected context
adequate answer
words seem
common practices
large mono
biomedical corpora
experimental prototype
agile system
selective chart
users always
resolve problems
experiment contained
use specialized
sentence paragraph
countable set
work suggests
style decoder
errors involving
extraction stage
yields either
refined senses
problem might
specifying constraints
unreachable states
existential quantification
notions concerning
equivalence among
two calculations
defined ones
98 workshop
syntaxiques ou
creation rules
analyzer extracts
pairs respectively
indexing methods
operator op
alternate forms
appropriate predictions
values within
going project
make explicit
finding related
previous evaluation
writers tend
grapheme elements
shallow syntactic
level used
another novel
standard similarity
handles cases
processing sequence
experience gained
word sense
verbal complexes
background condition
map estimates
x belonging
searle 1969
null hypothesis
node variable
clerical worker
one category
coreference algorithms
spoken narratives
drs representing
international business
e alph
ie systems
7 prec
next event
summary without
hand transcriptions
latter possibility
airline crash
system summarizes
abstract verbs
use readily
active chains
binary variable
prime set
remaining time
particular template
noun constituent
words excluded
structures require
san guo
seeking information
first establishes
task b
general contexts
concept bin
translation pairs
adult encyclopedia
contains specific
measures relevant
permit multiple
transfer correspondence
called tokens
example noun
associated knowledge
four parts
le composent
probable dependency
optimal method
makes maximal
certain situations
cannot present
de jiao
template fills
model suggests
canonical name
given link
explicit duration
topic assignment
phoneme candidates
processing strategies
special parameter
unlabelled dependencies
delimit words
prefix wo
edmonds algorithm
classification structure
saba system
feb 91
value 3
different planning
action rules
compare human
aux deux
data present
sluice type
michael b
et que
condition r
entity token
results suggests
two protein
feature encodes
vertical axis
problems simultaneously
stage system
satellite set
rich languages
models currently
using rasp
last point
stem n
parallel generalized
appropriate rules
hindle 1990
single digit
interaction time
therefore uses
interpretation corresponding
past use
potential candidate
highest speech
multimodal discourse
organizational framework
6q a40
general tendencies
separate networks
resolution procedure
importance rules
demonstration illustrates
true text
two persons
similarity key
errors introduced
assistance system
search steps
antecedent vp
description generated
single representational
generation engine
sidner 1978a
distorted speech
keywords appear
highest accuracies
considers several
pnp lexicon
federal bureau
active context
whose result
wikipedia articles
two rows
assign roles
feature includes
reference boundary
predicate structures
multimodal conversational
set decreases
argument co
related senses
european language
paired differences
different verbal
nikl domain
language dependent
reveal interesting
remaining relevant
derivation trees
german grammar
grammar covers
nl toolkit
a41 a4
concept unification
obliqueness hierarchy
le taux
uses morphological
bracket labels
independent layer
new rule
20 hours
certain ambiguities
large subtrees
decision system
hierarchical segmentation
weakest link
removal process
gram probabilities
candidate link
utterance transcriptions
frequent interaction
grand canyon
action like
definitions used
temporal discourse
3 tst2
american memory
trigger pairs
known parsers
previous value
approach supports
different wordings
optimisation technique
universal state
umbrella kicked
certain languages
1988 robert
interesting domain
german contain
coordinate term
bayesian model
language collocation
style pragmatic
component term
nominal feature
specific components
hmm transducer
becomes harder
terminal node
categorical ambiguity
wishful thinking
durational adverbials
search strategy
bound performance
transcription conventions
attack event
alternative structures
cue types
linking routines
french questions
loses information
marginal contribution
type assignments
thematic selection
boundary precision
positive connotation
free hypergraph
path using
feature expresses
automated question
different objective
case filler
right case
java implementations
system tg
work location
dso collection
adnominal constituent
complicated structures
include domain
equivalent constructions
corpus experiment
possible step
language translations
reference list
used syntax
extemporaneous elaboration
original co
infinite verb
guidelines also
necessary relationships
similar techniques
piecewise linear
uniform cost
a1 a14a20a19a24a22
60 instances
de reconnaissance
subsequent processing
tree edges
underspecified a0
articles including
additional observations
mathematical theories
rdc task
quantifier qi
always contains
also disambiguates
linguistic theoretical
whole c
fusion rules
function k
mapping ph
internal references
knowledge representation
0 deg
mwes using
access procedures
association tests
conceptual complexity
words together
dog barks
matching process
phonological context
processing requirements
order features
resolve cases
introductory sentence
cycle continues
syntax within
l word
necessary context
result returned
pejorative attitude
small sample
ing rule
limited subset
logical implications
complete interactions
five attributes
limited forms
evaluation questions
a0 a9
style improvements
language subsets
questions come
understanding accuracy
antecedents using
induction steps
sample phrases
specifications within
rules specified
est donc
assigned tags
analysed sentence
two ontologms
trivial equation
sony computer
types available
group 2001
produce translations
difficulty lies
small fraction
error recovery
english morphological
tcfp algorithm
use c
copy move
lexical scanner
two technologies
intelligent text
object strings
correct entry
remaining senses
condition used
total performance
ambiguous pronouns
unified solution
certain path
data domain
adverse effect
000 images
suffix derivation
introduction one
simple tokenization
learning performance
peak performance
fringe variation
psycholinguistic study
common stocks
far end
vector operations
take information
resulting state
subsequent step
whole bunch
v np
building separate
harmony rules
mort de
mike buy
single statistic
sources within
chaining table
semantic characterizations
clearly outperform
testing instances
grammar calculus
adjectival form
important notions
future tense
examples mentioned
width factor
tagged relation
check may
perform simple
word transitions
cky chart
remove c
groups description
noun information
two digits
whereas precision
support agent
transition arc
proposition would
morris 1988
every car
individual actions
distinguish word
head matches
make p
certain function
original pattern
geographic place
adjunct role
percentage scores
sophisticated word
single place
command takes
class words
projectivity constraint
sprec tests
different support
following rewriting
structures form
unique objects
atomic predications
e que
est difficile
transmission forms
four concepts
subjective descriptions
verbs extracted
following groups
extraction relations
occurrence identification
third assumption
using axioms
action slot
constituent available
tweety flies
contextual evidence
centrally concerns
axioms encode
reactive planning
graph search
hierarchy according
best wordmatch
pp disambiguation
written narratives
coherent structure
features serve
typographical errors
parsing domain
acids de
muc 7
trees relative
performance shows
verb cooccurrence
formalism developed
clause plays
terminological resources
presuppositions associated
appropriate slot
underlying argument
initiating agent
message generators
component must
selectionai restrictions
c tense
necessity operator
pl 0
original goals
processing task
two pronouns
basic clauses
multiple errors
specific analysis
process size
tile program
measures applied
measure takes
sensitive rewriting
1 go
summary schema
general plan
psa moves
terminal states
appears ill
unexplanatory modifiers
inherent limitation
bound estimate
system along
gain efficiency
full number
speech systems
marina del
topic similarity
pages 57
primary stress
comparison results
making process
direct ascendant
semantic encoding
quick response
noun compound
propbank annotations
distinct states
early failure
attachment cannot
2 assume
standard hpsg
interpolated precision
new incoming
information entropy
context distribution
scoplng algorithm
respective functions
procedure creates
optional phonological
simple domain
run times
chinese chat
four aspects
dialogue structures
dialog cards
magic facts
peripheral rds
structure 7
matching times
represent short
unigram classifier
predicted entropy
homophone selection
time average
using cross
successful argument
concept generator
expanded model
user whose
essential aspects
multiple quantifiers
common focus
recursive formula
text pattern
xml content
marker f
variable corresponds
table form
defined categories
adjacent levels
meaning equivalence
file created
summary a27
research communities
categorial operators
consistent generalization
acception dictionary
n equals
small clauses
seed data
david dressed
proposition stated
recall would
lowest cost
relation correction
elp based
additional parsing
large task
manual training
segment contains
novel parsing
3 constraints
meaning either
systematic co
passage contains
first processing
dotted arrows
infinitival vps
small window
functional anaphoric
selection made
positions within
captain kay
discourse operators
previous set
complete compound
2 domain
elegant account
tile ambiguity
effective computational
syntactic codes
textual cues
three algorithms
obvious candidate
head dependencies
december 2004
counter value
also constitutes
wrong form
methods first
conversation history
le nom
group consensus
inclusion within
segment level
process within
per sense
sentences involving
lexical amalgamation
broader scope
greater success
error count
spectral representation
important requirements
tim relation
advice based
split sentences
new empty
tile discourse
rules rewriting
therefore investigate
mt front
10 error
client applications
retrieve texts
structure subsumption
constituent information
energy patterns
transliteration lexicon
evaluate every
function 3
side conditions
static semantics
sequence words
type identifier
bidirectional processing
following conclusions
ith component
includes tile
main label
mild context
net synsets
search radar
obey certain
empty clause
overall search
john buys
good predictive
hovy 1993
3 summarizes
base p
robert wilensky
trees may
proper operation
base lexical
null parse
pronominal object
initial stack
systems need
mapping syntactic
proposed translation
dimension accuracy
first tier
100 characters
rejoinder proposition
semantic source
factors used
principle makes
major processes
head part
word forms
automatic adaptation
ot model
follow standard
specific ontology
original cover
position description
baldwin 1997
human assessments
schapire 1999
loud music
lexicalized form
statistical programs
klavans 1994
wider scope
activation measure
accuracy gain
entropy distribution
various techniques
cyber forensics
bolded entry
dans un
clearly identify
one showing
information measure
word distributions
countability class
fourth sentence
trees dominated
computer world
25 classes
students passed
commonsense theories
events associated
measures agreement
descriptive knowledge
soft features
equivalence parsing
rules sharing
conceptual elements
discriminative probability
subject since
propositional formula
clustering configuration
late confirmation
russian nouns
entire chain
verbal signs
six parameters
mark et
word e0
algorithm proposes
new non
identical meaning
sentence orderings
ne results
five steps
a5 a7a10a9a12a11
simultaneously constructs
exact value
e productions
object extracted
000 patterns
efficient implementations
top rank
person entities
argument relationships
input becomes
whose id
concepts mentioned
probabilistic lfg
feature sem
translating nl
mallory seffridge
occur among
values specified
help constrain
also functions
embedding structure
maximum path
text presented
ability distribution
jack ruby
relevant answer
anaphor binding
type word
formulas used
hmm tagger
ambiguous verbs
expressions found
edges connected
stratified model
roman characters
capture local
including n
identifying speech
argument rests
pattern stored
data already
dinner party
information kiosk
variations due
produce clusters
remaining link
alex franz
shogun system
higher recognition
software systems
terms respectively
building corpora
scope specification
interface format
realization statements
input due
sentences made
since august
algorithms exist
lexicalized cfg
major mt
including reflexives
grammar according
underlying lexicon
aspect features
scf distributions
node w
network construction
boguraev et
labeled precision
new slots
empty derivation
sentence paraphrasing
probabilities attached
side must
basic root
uses type
without backup
hard decision
maximum function
recent phrase
gross transcripts
time taken
implicational constraints
general project
abstract characterization
eight fifty
assumed knowledge
distortion parameters
combined features
local precision
social theory
train station
character sequence
structure g
word utterance
set representations
interference effects
collective classification
il faut
sense indicators
monotonic grammar
formats currently
value c
writing style
labeling effort
classify email
coreference engine
training bitexts
lexical content
related issue
also n
environment would
rule expansion
since phrases
disambiguation problem
cost savings
multilingual lexicon
model classifiers
category h
alternative theories
multimodal interaction
abstract input
approach use
step directly
likely paraphrase
russian equivalent
clause without
translation improvement
agents collaborate
information yielded
even multiple
lexicalized trees
based audio
mais la
high oov
steel strip
sense enumeration
nuggeteer scores
consequent box
depth description
minimal supervision
omitted element
containing names
interval relations
incorrect beliefs
ocp must
language inference
identifying segment
tokens immediately
requirements must
null none
forms include
precedes el
original context
333 ravenswood
text requires
three states
coherence graph
ir evaluation
simple listing
background noise
hatzivassiloglou 1996
brandt corstius
ip asks
word extraction
casual speech
contain positions
1 plots
sensitive instant
direct interest
additive information
evidence one
n attachments
subcategorization options
tile rest
mapping probability
breath length
6 groups
remains unsolved
erent ways
previous study
cpu second
strict separation
called state
becomes available
cannot usually
k th
sophisticated model
another quantifier
two disciplines
separable data
level 3tuple
implementation also
spontaneous versions
female sex
minimum levenshtein
wer scores
top right
time consumption
backtracking procedure
functional constraints
1 gigabyte
questions obtained
arbitrary finite
value reflects
explanation structure
mcroy et
first process
strict equivalence
attaching arguments
take x
thank mirella
peter brown
erroneous string
avoid falling
example 21
virtual sentence
data usually
16 references
probability estimators
arguments appear
de donner
boundary adjacency
using conjunctions
similar members
incorrect merges
good grasp
tests cannot
user interests
naive co
illocutionary points
discrimination accuracy
scheme assigns
noun x
journal tree
pas un
state frames
local subject
stages 2
daughter edge
allow categories
sentence separation
simple ones
training input
additional background
a3 a21
body field
characters may
linguistic sources
trunk node
flexible language
scf extraction
figures obtained
zweig 1988
weighted keywords
commonly use
idl representation
incorporate linguistic
general types
next character
initial message
standard attribute
absolute certainty
optional arguments
known goals
tree without
common problem
pending heap
five probability
sense definition
systems like
chunking states
one transformation
proposed boundary
communicative games
general techniques
desired length
pattern 1
minimal total
roles without
10 sec
2 collocations
poor methods
e relations
underlying reason
relational probability
based grammar
a3 a0a2a1
good prospects
phonetic baseform
approach allows
microaveraged f1
remaining issue
constraint indicates
rst test
rapidly decreases
relations increases
ontological feature
data imbalance
databases contain
overall weight
domain planning
verb matches
expressions generated
logical equivalence
generalized rules
nesting structure
processes applied
five smoothing
prosody might
lexicon module
person weeks
certain details
comprehensive english
interactive grammar
offers advantages
rapid rule
log perplexity
george doddington
clauses extracted
unigram estimate
authors think
two constructions
extended horn
document written
achieved promising
fopl representation
human director
car system
corresponding network
phrasal approach
search topic
high occurrence
semantic component
constituent position
different sampling
synthetic noise
patterns allowed
original penn
rule given
incorrect matching
unit found
synonym terms
problem must
frequency method
subject data
multidocument news
model concept
blind search
module deals
distance greater
frame schema
rules identify
another agent
mood network
initial experiment
lc parser
static prepositions
high versus
different implementations
edge incident
transcription program
wakari mas
de calcul
material would
category conversion
de phrases
formula could
groups whose
translations derived
a5 a127
derivation semiring
impressive performance
prediction accuracies
dejean et
standard types
two successor
special task
first idea
following verbs
another robot
types x
1 inc
complex entry
contact information
oriented nature
framework programme
president george
difficult thing
gonzalo et
update rules
conversation systems
standard techniques
application objects
000 concepts
inheritance properties
exact set
different action
metaphorical expressions
data sentence
entre autres
candide system
three occurrences
alignment combination
find relations
generation consists
possible length
structural errors
word head
ohsumed queries
rules occurring
article introduces
mcguire 1980
type event
development dataset
consonant sounds
name anaphora
content description
identify dependency
identify gene
recognizer consists
information storage
best dialogue
dialog manager
stsg g
morphological inflection
communication medium
3 sense
scientific research
systematic relationships
features word
np feature
corresponding expression
location mentions
annotator chooses
last darpa
sentence topics
variation words
database update
phrases become
selected information
project consists
fort worth
dialogue tasks
various dictionaries
indicate high
part generates
grained taxonomy
important grammatical
dynamic cache
answering evaluation
annotated results
independent error
les syntagmes
future input
nondeterministic lc
algorithms rely
since tim
bead types
point occurs
restaurant name
modeling speakers
reliable data
functions p
entities evoked
japanese intonation
lecture data
conceptual attributes
best bitter
powerful parser
system forms
mistake could
assertion level
four noun
constituent x
physical characteristics
transcription tool
aspects need
phrase representation
approach took
reference frames
relic role
une part
resolution strategy
resulting translations
heuristic measure
zero topic
senmntic class
major domain
given raw
specified nodes
sri spoken
mary began
sense divisions
verb dependencies
rule expanding
maximal coverage
lcflex parser
algorithm devised
pretest measuring
context r
500 samples
sample sentences
command line
frequent syntactic
arcs emanating
unsupervised wsd
named record
alexander nakhimovsky
eech recognition
subsections discuss
thus suggests
something must
categorization systems
les formes
elided subject
script frames
de produire
strong equivalence
calculation based
hmm phone
wordnet system
pairwise classifier
bayes rule
generic summary
20 states
traffic control
satellite operator
possible places
analysis accounts
inference path
december 1986
purpose language
component phrases
hp model
suggests several
spontaneous dictation
using document
relative orders
52 expressions
score distribution
preceding research
many keywords
least less
verb disambiguation
binary scfg
practical generation
scales linearly
standard division
many restrictions
heading preference
voiced stop
filled slots
overall trend
tree sub
algorithm need
new interactive
normally implies
information visualization
see ss4
larger margin
intense emotions
provide acceptable
weights l
sur ce
gerund form
verb part
printing house
class sequences
identify instances
constraints among
nlg components
algorithm takes
methodology applied
claim 2
alone provide
across turns
earlier approaches
adjectives describing
sophisticated question
taught within
novel algorithm
generator program
model posits
1 reports
page system
retrieval experiment
structure properties
network created
node attributes
little success
persistent storage
english data
active information
system utterance
statistical alignment
target strings
protocol allows
among men
test instance
entries together
translations within
interpreted language
p markers
two events
syntax groups
dative construction
using r
using di
domain tags
n respectively
e corpus
another n
created templates
meaningful prosodic
primary verb
searches based
freq 3
feature provides
durative adverbial
within grammar
translation according
phonetic group
adjacency rule
b information
many classifiers
language act
2 sentence
values among
program manager
n interpretation
u v2
sense prediction
erroneous readings
information c
behave like
basic constraints
correctly identifies
function c
recognition processes
loves mary
large problem
considerable gap
although promising
two vowels
estimated sense
hub scripting
prepositional groups
three case
phoneme units
original intuition
systems examined
reference object
approach appears
build discourse
two datasets
occur significantly
precision rate
n2 nodes
links constraint
current processing
single label
position aj
computer support
raman 1997
sequence operator
fundamental difference
increased coverage
beliefs underlying
dire que
5 characters
collocation candidates
computes r
per utterance
abstract discourse
first book
computer readable
x satisfies
theory may
generator takes
tree schema
goldwater et
reference frame
detection error
different formalism
information needs
concept c
function replace
share exactly
hart characters
computationally simpler
object set
function needs
additional support
within time
analyzer checks
measure ranges
cnf grammars
confusion matrices
grammatical anaphora
structure descriptions
ibm research
efficient calculation
secondary source
value appears
system oriented
grammatical roles
negative counts
pure mathematical
conversational style
maximum likelihood
difference parameters
context database
cooperative response
valid solution
coding tools
allowable word
lax vowel
hence needs
volume 25
model prior
rare phenomena
universit6 de
following simplifying
383 sentences
word letter
highly correlates
simple entity
svo sentences
conserve space
function reflects
large coverage
result leads
application contexts
sentence leads
nist metric
complete manual
target pos
similar view
corresponding alignment
domain mapping
presented work
phonological information
wordnet words
training takes
meeting leader
cohesion links
dialogue efficiency
boundaries correspond
necessary information
breath groups
incoming unit
alignment scores
bibliographic information
minutes per
cited example
training tool
pruning strategies
classifiers also
case markings
exact words
original request
form dictionary
direct realization
association alone
every k
two tankers
form tree
strings described
400 characters
nodes nl
unlabeled set
constrained variables
short sentence
major advance
move node
pure false
concerning tile
based dictionaries
entire subtree
rational transduction
using beam
word repetitions
temporal attributes
occurrence would
result could
relations express
sentence could
allows optional
state pair
noun vs
full template
stylistic choices
aspects like
english reference
temperatures typically
antecedent head
node covering
dominating verb
subset evaluation
telljohann et
example lexical
linguistic item
several consequences
cannot get
statistical error
exploits knowledge
sri lm
path 0
000 yen
uniform way
nglish word
symbol z
extract verb
bnf rule
sentence spoken
120 sentences
union bank
enormous volume
ambiguous input
nerc system
view word
jcn measure
la procedure
state initial
symbol v
ren jian
al 1982
partial scoping
number r
textual definition
si un
complex phenomena
eisner 1996
hardware platforms
units sharing
like finite
translation memory
topic weights
relative number
approach learns
object system
first describes
phrase syntax
ccg parsing
language documentation
consist largely
retrieving relevant
cannot answer
parallel manner
subcategorized functions
speed results
building speech
bruce w
anaphor pairs
predicate sentence
incremental expansion
structural conversion
note tha
include multi
structure following
distinct properties
optimal parameters
partners lost
printed text
analogue code
ir system
describe language
corresponding query
information allows
synset vectors
cu forex
em iteration
function allows
siddharth patwardhan
july 2006
shows clearly
john got
two hidden
hoc rules
side phrases
k must
total nmnber
formal experiment
real qa
4 slots
pitch synchronous
ga hassei
probabilistic entailment
word except
question concerns
gjw 95
segment boundary
content language
dictionary designed
summary generator
elements set
bn instance
processor based
topic unit
longer contexts
desktop microphones
log x
positive samples
great improvements
rhetorical planner
ate lunch
processing also
successful handling
algorithm finds
resulting clusters
minimal subtree
comparable recognition
dominant meaning
5 dialogs
unit relative
full discussion
alternative sentence
term interpretation
given part
serves several
extraction must
line represents
instantiated template
features determine
applicative expression
nonzero value
ositional phrase
100 speakers
wittenburg 1987
affix pairs
feature h
mismatched conditions
vacuous quantification
default action
internal standard
hiding type
ordinary composition
illegal assignments
fundamental limitation
consumer spending
previous levels
wer e
purpose relation
un homme
model q
using parallel
sacks et
coder 1
phone string
equal proportions
global communication
precise definitions
created maps
closure condition
constraint hierarchy
positive degree
structure consists
animate things
lexicalized descriptors
minimal element
results look
priors estimated
simple perl
feature fi
proxy server
dialog processing
ordering conditions
similarity tree
paraphrasing system
unary operators
rule inserts
key difference
first mentions
recent version
complex methods
rate rose
original constituent
realistic grammars
interlingua text
eme system
resolve zero
game coding
extracted words
relations listed
nominal concepts
tracing process
marcus 1993
correct pronoun
processing involved
dynamic components
maximum values
story segmentation
qui constitue
generic mode
level cs
lexical freenet
systemic diagram
separate tasks
max mark
given code
current beliefs
another hypothesis
processing across
compound lexemes
base configuration
position paper
grouping senses
embedding verbs
required conditions
1 constraint
distance would
generic category
learning tools
since sentences
without penalty
high percentage
close correlation
current process
database according
sentences 11
string alignment
po boundary
extensive discussions
single kanji
design would
spring symposium
appropriate heuristics
attribute whose
tombe eurotra
entities given
empty result
relation symbol
herbrand interpretations
libsvm tool
unlabelled relations
since students
individual method
words according
chinese candidates
lexicon p
raising rule
monetary amounts
fundamental components
computing environment
framework enables
works particularly
much energy
particular section
direct hyponyms
detailed treatment
vector becomes
enough text
analysis even
partial hierarchical
coref tag
efficacy evaluation
future predictions
argumentative relations
patient consultation
volitional cause
every transition
definitions contain
english flapping
natural expressions
xtag grammar
sequential machines
single adjective
object words
sections summarize
logic dependency
sentence overlap
strong predictors
draw attention
match input
final feature
space group
approaches cannot
slot definitions
one f
blocking rules
utterances given
linguistic treatment
class appear
users preferred
symbol node
time increases
strict control
using mdl
sentence retrieval
n list
results follow
achieved state
defined semantics
since january
verbal explanation
strict feature
single page
deterministic fsa
shows another
lexical priors
linear word
constraints contribute
pattern classification
one definition
nantc counts
fig 8
sets extracted
simple multi
antonio gil
intensive process
text constituent
limited processing
korean mt
thompson 88
translation procedures
einen termin
developed system
complete string
obviously cannot
subject relative
research reported
nishida et
suite classifier
automation increases
young university
utterances correctly
pragmatic reasoning
random initialization
normal sentence
similar design
projection path
communicator travel
number iri
starting parameters
start file
mit einem
principled method
deletion rule
structure centered
wrong side
principle must
carry information
lexicographic work
flexible models
english idioms
deals exclusively
000 noun
pp phrase
bibliographic citations
broader view
phrase candidates
complex narratives
grained categories
sentence examples
analysis structure
examples used
proposed kernel
severe limitation
user interaction
innovative approach
conjunctive forms
following input
individual keywords
automatic treatment
mehryar mohri
two edus
like group
particular errors
complex mathematical
variable substitutions
oracle score
greedy optimization
existing ones
optional test
conceptual segmentation
loves john
based tokenizer
component propositions
traditional constraints
feature back
year earlier
nal decision
hypothetical verbs
indirect manner
b x
grammatical patterning
matching threshold
lapata web
projection function
simple machine
grammar implementation
language capable
create discourse
coreference relationships
higher verb
defensible reasoning
alternative interpretations
artificial alignment
index vector
patterns unit
dialogue acts
basic sense
second stage
sentence indicate
three months
tile class
vp may
lattice may
preliminary work
utterance planning
z treebank
lexicalized approach
null fig
comprehensive overview
task presents
low recognition
goal directly
languages shows
recognition candidate
unseen cooccurrences
intelligence techniques
semantic measures
vp first
retrieved items
several output
columns present
null constraint
large systemic
dollars per
data ppl
create complete
information appears
c rules
performance occurs
stochastic framework
error message
information services
open clauses
indicates low
language explanations
compounds using
transcription editor
language component
der ambulanz
certain decision
text available
classic example
expert module
three properties
chen 1995
supervised method
proof procedures
key limitation
new mins
moving average
value shown
learning classification
analogous manner
score r
radio broadcast
nlp front
open window
best realization
entities corresponding
computed anaphoricity
co c
fact represents
orthographic symbols
nonminimal parse
different indexing
across wizards
specialist thesaurus
descriptions classified
e term
formed clusters
humans use
xing et
unnecessary information
language students
pruning decisions
art noun
powerful set
quantified np
problem considered
specific group
mobile agents
small sense
laboratory systems
target value
syntactic locality
international standard
patterns relevant
strong heuristic
semantic pairs
subject labels
acquire language
second reading
output consists
serve meals
whose description
earlier examples
eric breck
per letter
domain action
models represented
supervised learning
true target
either input
prepositional verbs
unit nouns
boundary mode
du projet
use transformations
original information
estimated distributions
suitable basis
best integration
information put
version would
statistics concerning
intelligent help
phrases whose
parse r
shorter length
user preferences
liste des
computer implementations
1981 william
global text
suffix analyzer
boundary category
relative marker
levels correspond
reverts back
reaction class
john bateman
probability interpolation
reflect well
quality summaries
enable systems
flat non
resultant pair
correct specificity
constitute separate
given dataset
called latent
four preceding
status value
assigning roles
initial implementation
search constraints
syntactic flexibility
nodes e
small standard
provide background
local alignment
use 100
lexical contextual
neither lexicon
impose constraints
class feature
management needs
1 shows
three descriptions
ill terms
heuristic allows
elementary graphs
turkish morphology
probability measure
provide efficient
response content
dependencies within
tutorial dialogue
two daughter
complex topics
called leaves
nalural language
parallel trees
incorporate non
speaker activity
categories used
difference vectors
utterance speed
transitions among
modern language
participating entities
needs 1
allophonic variation
accuracy test
different samples
written output
source edges
system except
new game
automaton would
strategy avoids
compact manner
strong control
following np
relative performances
sentence perplexity
logic proof
modeling scope
value contains
intermediate trace
information captured
spoken parts
combinatorial pattern
experienced researchers
legal documentation
constraints come
robinson et
tm b
raw number
york stock
new condition
phonetic baseforms
somebody else
caption would
low end
middle field
set plus
salt shaker
situational features
relations established
entity category
syllabic structure
specific field
document summary
codebook means
notation c
pdtb annotations
hinrich schtze
efficient analysis
hmm word
one intonation
fonction des
language comparison
symbolic parsing
linguistic generalities
grace ngai
different degree
second phrase
analysis spanning
subcategorization preference
information etc
text information
adjunct phrase
particular environment
inevitable errors
noun readings
la famille
notable differences
coef cients
use l
son name
rte dataset
choice models
buchholz et
word emit
oracle states
sample pairs
strong competence
sls test
systematic interactions
level linguist
one prediction
graph nodes
medical corpus
circuit board
der student
strategy agents
dependent constructs
valid translations
previous assumption
local query
uniform prior
partial grammar
cg parser
actions described
tree unification
new sub
aso algorithm
tl sentence
two discourse
putative lexical
among linguists
20 thousand
pronoun x
previous call
resolve word
e must
templates include
containing proper
location verbs
elementary strings
source material
list used
feature percolations
3 head
know everything
known constituent
collect web
based view
closest item
labelled tree
concepts used
move engine
subject nouns
principles governing
left inference
abstract elements
remaining candidate
knowledge units
np indicates
utterance tags
knowledge extractor
interfaces need
used phrase
step toward
92 test
fact f
based generalized
topical coverage
different components
potential solution
orientation component
certain pair
grammar networks
speaker turns
head relations
special features
john b
suet al
prolog inference
contrastive grammar
sst kernels
specific aspect
words profile
last kind
consensus view
rich ontology
morphological recognizer
role relations
classification program
lexical use
chinese morphology
spatial features
richer formalisms
since ccg
arises whenever
genotype analogue
appendix c
human linguists
entire parallel
synsets linked
context probabilities
single chinese
using correct
kid climbed
grammatical realization
levels higher
method appeared
later examples
type discussed
frosting event
correct inaccurate
2 positions
initial random
computational discourse
various design
similarity among
rss feed
symbol occurrences
global focusing
name extraction
practical application
best correspondence
distinguished head
next configuration
anatomical terms
sequence feature
level interface
document extracts
system plidis
compound cluster
whole translation
autistic children
vmte e
patterns instead
objects belonging
proposed account
auxiliary relation
length threshold
finitely enumerates
extractive systems
family relationships
italian text
feature focus
closer inspection
output modes
ee detection
specified data
phenomenon occurs
limitations prevent
head clustering
ltag parse
intended text
derivational properties
model shares
verb soler
television sets
general representation
given subdialogue
cannot draw
email folders
interpretation accuracy
v exists
example 15
symbolic world
absolute numbers
anonymous reviewers
cardinality c
da londra
figure 2a
becomes unstable
entropy reduction
fallout curves
subject equivalent
system got
corpora rather
one scale
uses simple
tile syntactic
coded decision
framework based
tasks individually
lower perplexities
pereira 1981
unusual circumstances
features predict
applying computational
problem source
translation industry
possible verbs
evaluation presented
n values
sample caption
based ibm
possible tense
purpose may
systems achieved
general mechanism
users actually
existing entity
among translators
a18 a19
tag ambiguity
syntactic realisations
hans hat
regular set
xml annotations
way suggested
shift 6
5 speakers
segments present
main lesson
often translate
using probabilities
performance compared
brown portion
interesting solution
english ocr
intel xeon
customer requirements
target set
selection data
capture possible
type determines
notation allows
database operations
like tf
sentence peter
lp component
quality models
representation specific
sequences found
k phrases
computing reviews
kernel svm
means changing
singular count
phrase directly
collocations extracted
honorific predicate
discourse moves
call routing
character features
data given
predicative units
theory gives
existing categories
following mapping
shortest description
system assumes
physical objects
verb tokens
radio station
displayed information
transitive relations
portmanteau tags
higher log
adjacent terms
proceeds recursively
human translators
two strands
r parser
verbs directly
exceptions exist
syntactic parser
system simulation
rpda model
phonological representations
role might
given cfg
informal terms
cet intervalle
cannot correctly
filter bolts
everyone agrees
work conducted
classification variable
former un
rule licensing
active vs
database designer
weakest form
surface parse
candidate form
john criticized
standard representation
matrix structure
effectively capture
subcategorization facts
john talked
little surface
time flow
2 min
row refers
original position
bounded number
traditional sense
ce module
target fragment
related ones
report experimental
contains every
tree diagram
several representations
journal papers
contextual situations
user attributes
coreferential relations
significant challenge
functional theory
queries per
verbal communicative
reranking models
twenty percent
full scale
discourse objects
thai letter
grammar factorization
reparandum lp
serious consequences
enough data
verspoor 1997
compute phrase
automatic dictionary
large gains
closure membership
similar dependencies
different analysis
week number
evaluation requires
four decades
ai literature
side sentences
model typically
null frequency
english nouns
experimental procedures
tasks involving
ontological concepts
whose language
parsing speeds
similarity matrices
information shown
way flight
content models
accuracy observed
match rules
symbols denoting
true proposition
actual dictionary
skeletal structure
generation work
class intersection
topical features
mcroy using
structures must
one pays
input method
syntactic means
complete mode
existing nlp
serial verbs
event words
remarquons que
nature language
0 k
relations makes
target system
atomic relation
subtrees larger
often express
type compounds
defined subsets
project work
linguistic evidence
verb reading
available corpus
simplex words
likes mary
lexical insertion
flow stuff
called phrases
rule systems
measures require
performance change
structured meaning
word size
basic forms
still contains
new applications
help compensate
written portion
darpa sites
progress could
tipster task
eventual result
separate learning
evoking element
interfaces like
use another
sgml element
general design
tree entropy
feature stru
methods yield
search along
china times
multimodal presentations
cause failure
functional head
tile probability
much sense
often arise
alignment sets
ontological aspects
basic causative
model handles
one keeps
following rules
component vector
combining information
spatial scales
due date
text position
triphone phonotactic
extracted sequences
contain good
contextual languages
considerations may
entropy regularization
applications within
axiom link
untyped feature
sentence output
sharp drop
specific fields
inherent aspect
fb method
inferences suggest
positive experience
whether spoken
answer justification
approach pursued
candidate trees
implementation requires
longer unit
indexing concepts
transfer dictionary
clustering techniques
english equivalent
significant speedup
trading sanctions
kobe japan
transfer tree
translation memories
rules mapping
yield good
roughly means
admissible clause
picks one
different arcs
comprehensive framework
sorted list
based design
affixal morphology
extra rule
every use
main tube
problems cannot
single cell
better communication
four p
hot framework
qlf level
expanded document
errors coming
models also
document category
input keywords
remaining ones
table must
combination possibilities
distinguishing mass
information contains
average entropy
order could
many parameters
sensitive rules
five constraints
tagger first
considerable distance
reference lexicon
high overhead
state sl
outputs generated
improves word
free iff
binary parse
features discussed
hmm model
sequences generated
numerous challenges
state would
performance unless
trec relevance
lexical annotations
development site
topic grouping
opposing forces
chinchor 1997
frames associated
qualitative aspects
relations might
detailed meaning
100 essays
simple solution
als sekret
using svms
providing users
section explains
contextual interpretation
statistical analyses
certain differences
alignment described
b4d2 b7bdb5
succeeds john
plausible dependency
object related
verb see
tl answer
briefly stated
objective terms
semantic caseframes
system still
semiotic interpretation
constituent orders
unaligned word
certain segments
information level
last proposition
appropriate correction
science abstracts
kh value
vague words
system processing
good command
rare examples
arcs based
linguistic meaning
concentrate instead
strategies found
study considers
computational complexity
la mani
segmentation technology
information distributed
orientation vector
different ontology
also reports
obvious solution
groupes de
concept contains
word within
abstract class
inference classes
last friday
time saved
containing term
weight represents
improving text
june 1990
tolerant morphological
planning knowledge
communication system
present research
models involved
involve making
since paragraphs
probability c
possible adjunction
lowest frequency
text x
system presently
traditional frequency
loglinear interpolation
models across
among head
used terms
based interlingua
specific pre
genre et
lambek proof
architecture cannot
appropriate markers
dp equation
n frames
dataset used
since predicate
evaluating word
metaphoric word
ros6 et
require data
2we use
realization per
typical rule
reordering framework
nasal consonants
coherent discourse
global data
unambiguous transducer
introduce linguistic
one parameter
existing multi
predictive lr
source tools
first presents
document genres
des combinaisons
american president
ir approaches
forced recognition
simple semantics
target words
analysis technology
representation helps
particular focus
component produces
programming solution
unambiguous cases
fastus processing
several dialogues
probable structure
chinese names
reject rate
obligatory complement
flrst collision
describes new
objective fact
correct position
authors claim
adaptive ppm
new family
web version
results observed
basic electricity
relations explicitly
word distance
values obtained
sentence split
give estimates
system started
influence one
group together
algorithm generalizes
ontological hierarchy
production module
instance class
entries according
context a0
one indicator
xuan chuan
correct output
problem mentioned
valid inference
complex control
limited length
different baseline
receiver operating
averages across
disambiguation methods
200 megabytes
actual meaning
indicate significance
wsj sentence
complex feature
cepstral distance
common phenomena
complex examples
criterion described
mission i00
verbs including
overall text
predicative phrase
structured nature
phonological string
include detailed
existing machine
automatic spelling
refined categories
negative score
normal submonoid
discourse contexts
null guage
next moves
operation involves
multiple occurrence
second characteristic
identification constraint
maximum f0
mt parser
categorial reduction
achieve accurate
previous transducer
dialogue recognition
access tasks
heat shock
boundary marker
combine information
following variants
facts like
segment score
complex graphical
related form
terrorist incident
grammar becomes
mckeown 2000
answer mining
previous cases
silberztein 1993
phonetic material
allow computer
oriented languages
many test
database implementation
minel et
windowed context
normalized error
beyond ne
sections 23
structure resembles
semantic depiction
a0a8a1a9a3a5a3a10a6 a3
knowledge makes
n classes
without interaction
apprentissage et
experiments demonstrate
attentional status
red circle
lexical preprocessing
integrated information
deletion edges
verb relations
negative node
free compositions
subsection describes
new research
history features
1 instances
research mt
training effort
briefly examine
extracted lexicons
minimum acceptable
one cic
semantic calculus
time stage
problematic phenomena
monolingual query
relation extraction
parser decision
published accuracy
events take
annotated language
tile former
line training
biomedical domain
randomly generates
agreement algorithm
decipher recognizer
web based
phrase conjunction
feature inputs
correct hanja
reference would
reach agreement
memory constraint
wordnet hierarchies
similar manner
two interaction
sense task
structure common
csr corpora
109 training
overlapping spans
experiment set
un concept
medline abstracts
connective like
listener may
functionality needed
continuation class
theoretical claim
language pairs
graphical form
written dialogues
spanish government
identifying candidate
object preference
trec q
distribution pg
tutor voice
action using
recall without
detailed nature
nlp environment
null dependency
outoftopic state
matching input
finding word
possible thanks
canonical arguments
temporal clauses
unsupervised stem
donkey beats
slot slot
4 condition
consecutive segments
morphosyntactic features
document number
system equipped
languages typically
trips lexicon
pred value
tree drawing
barton jr
expansion phase
common methods
intended relationship
context j
optimal search
constituents correspond
linguistic nature
select regions
shared srw
major achievement
findings confirm
important entities
sl lexicon
naval academy
structure distinctions
noisy words
information contributed
class defines
detailed introduction
various disambiguation
negative emotion
edge results
every consistent
start node
applying bayes
clues indicating
two female
informal presentation
base automatically
mcshane bootstrapping
word wn
errors may
two departments
larger prosodic
using meta
computer assisted
confirmation strategy
constraint added
related categories
julian kupiec
sentence patterns
compose paradigm
existing similarities
semantical interpretation
routing value
domination relationship
knowledge might
alignment anchors
various part
every turn
index used
reasoning capabilities
meaning aspects
explicit similarity
viterbi decoding
x equals
high overlap
system b
attachment site
sequential operations
reliability evaluation
system submitted
summarization accuracy
next release
reporting verbs
induce rules
3 assumes
informational segments
different subcategorization
attributes match
average correlation
rtn game
beginning part
vectors whose
dialogue structuring
e phrases
border care
multimodal references
discriminant transformations
least n
ascii representation
pragmatic interpreter
great variability
italian data
logical patterns
specific meanings
structures play
tile specific
parsers perform
default analysis
personal style
becomes small
deed lexicon
case every
word ne
unique representation
automatic nature
taken place
arabic named
partial agreement
partitioning process
base consisting
coordinate conjunctions
player wins
standard inverted
two elements
bound k
sound approach
dans ses
emission probability
ke long
called source
rule applies
1987 ap
dana un
zero frequency
arabic dialect
label words
single morpheme
type element
integer number
letter matching
product name
modules include
second version
clause refers
nine sentences
backup strategy
something analogous
associated focus
algorithm steps
french pronoun
infection control
generic template
open right
potential cue
sentential material
range 0
two preferences
language instruction
increased confidence
generate domain
base plan
likes john
grammar offers
square foot
ungrammatical input
short interval
parse probabilities
rules proposed
document perspective
superior nodes
temporal references
information retrieved
cases represent
twenty words
two ranges
indefinite form
knowledge explicitly
mt evaluation
desired format
anaphora cases
using grammar
also fig
histogram pruning
actual order
experimental implementation
lexicons used
marginal cases
implies x
f1 measures
inspection showed
new sharedplan
branching rules
headset microphone
metric space
alignment criteria
k eigenvectors
extensive parameter
higher weight
indirect relations
pairwise classification
tile generation
parallel corpus
lexical neighborhood
mdl principle
simply removes
grained semantics
phrase extractor
pairs would
find phrases
involving set
last name
taking part
ner techniques
reduce time
possible input
grammar combines
word length
syntactic processor
exact randomization
drs labelled
multiple entry
earlier parts
segmental model
health services
e considered
parallel approach
remaining categories
weight sets
rechte satzklammer
made rules
reranking procedure
context free
class indicates
gram candidate
des textes
outside corners
examples seen
word coocurrence
respective arguments
cooperative discourse
numerous researchers
corpus domain
idiosyncratic way
using time
correct patterns
grammar structures
subjective expression
sentences less
c et
sense 6
summarizing multiple
interpreting user
outputs may
improved parse
scientifique et
discourse consisting
copular construction
following line
trec conferences
sequences may
processing presented
sense taxonomies
rule triggers
partition contains
plans underlying
search forward
class parts
system within
hoc heuristics
pitch track
simple principle
environment without
particular problem
missing arguments
jj vbd
annotation experiment
jokinen et
probability paths
sl would
generation fails
political units
given relations
tuple contains
ps rule
queries produced
start states
frequency vectors
large space
right pane
containing texts
country slots
spectral clustering
random sentence
near hits
therefore refer
observable markov
glossary lookup
segment initial
discourse plan
descriptors used
mrs representations
concrete data
level processes
a0 a24
proposition holds
user asked
tag elements
tense past
end task
additional components
collocation relations
since korean
route directions
model ph5
tree manifolds
group styles
quality metric
training dam
individual parameters
bc part
person x
pp must
generating system
generation rather
symbolic product
countries like
real grammar
world authoring
general disambiguation
retrieves similar
items may
bans elixir
another way
times property
p deg
template definitions
diagram grammar
recognizer rather
raoul n
error bars
kanji word
technical discussions
another dimension
multiple codebooks
classificatory dimensions
untagged corpora
11 types
independent definition
dialogue situation
text vs
easy way
new muc
adjectival phrases
clause c
climbing trigger
useful data
fixed bound
lattice n
given sequent
admissible search
research tasks
k sentences
standard sql
single resource
radioactive waste
improve effectiveness
numerous instances
time relations
propositional complement
single piece
training svm
elle alla
original signal
0cre rules
information received
notation shown
5 j
generation programs
ni l
time considerations
matsumoto 1997
exical entries
central roles
correct representations
speaker verification
sequence kernels
local pragmatics
one sequence
syntax mapping
statement may
order consequences
optimal weight
processing requires
standard dependencies
sound files
syntactic fragment
original bleu
time makes
pinyin syllables
rejection procedure
left component
cannot incorporate
second term
severely restricts
tag annotation
common topics
manning et
works fine
many multiple
based part
require less
interactive disambiguation
optimization function
shows room
formation phase
trained parameters
developing technology
default baseline
5 grammar
pdf mapping
documents concerning
sequences sum
perfect match
ne models
negative occurrences
trainable classifier
certain finite
length input
pattern 3
active mode
ein neues
lexical learner
concatenated string
offers significant
lower accuracy
third event
mouse clicks
take place
9 illustrates
coherent conversation
semantic match
extracted feature
timely manner
approximating fsa
user goal
propbank frames
extracted examples
total entropy
domination relation
main street
constraint propagated
alignment training
third bakeoff
dialogue excerpt
gazetteer list
fl j
like material
change detection
core nps
possible np
sexual reproduction
original string
ancestor element
steepest descent
constraints lead
r system
loss approximation
expected benefit
complete iff
syntactic system
composition approach
domain analysis
new collections
program thus
multiple responses
rather straightforward
case theory
purely surface
several links
investigate various
constant encouragement
japanese patents
methods agree
output work
depend directly
extended language
ccg formalism
event sequences
difficulty observed
correct repair
wsj 02
small letter
one h
linguistic observations
st model
local analyses
signing character
a7 a23
tree c
event related
dictionary record
local cues
estimate word
english name
actual accenting
pattern matchers
senseval 2
li shou
assumption 2
built tree
time voice
martin learning
surface constraints
chinese phrase
many limitations
across tasks
applies information
report generation
processing context
expert crfs
examples contain
independent sets
computer analysis
data communications
fp use
examples occur
interrupted collocations
said yesterday
given beforehand
spanish pronoun
issue using
template format
speech data
modest recall
patterns containing
frontier node
time might
sense represented
practical ways
head must
bunsetsu boundaries
morph sequence
transduction grammars
role must
generating words
make plausible
karl hat
additional analysis
affect performance
p 1
hirst discourse
entity template
300 msec
takahashi et
disambiguation leads
bank annotation
indirect approach
syntactic options
noun knowledge
syntax rules
query relevant
strategies may
types 2
pustejovsky et
two attributes
working area
null ples
semantic memory
katz smoothing
voiced regions
f scores
duluth systems
containing entries
criterion training
relaxation algorithm
distributional similarities
test test
comparable systems
routing system
reciprocal rank
summarization technique
specific material
significant associations
production p
heavy rains
likelihood p
text string
manner consistent
c syntactic
form algorithm
lexical level
actual observations
block diagram
literal word
continue without
ordering component
certain company
roche sa
contain rich
word transcriptions
labels may
declarative format
inhibited half
substitution patterns
deterministic push
ordering sentences
show increased
g curr
performance degrades
johnson 1979
algorithm deals
given corpus
tone unit
si elle
represent higher
task like
several orders
web texts
correlated words
never fails
first input
dative pp
central interest
exponential feature
appendix contains
redundant expressions
techniques tend
im dialogue
essential points
average use
tts prompts
proposed subword
ne may
toutes les
social dynamics
project sponsor
laboratoire de
analogous approach
predictable ways
il va
uses prosodic
given approach
1 occurs
drt module
two environments
de toutes
best official
sentences may
following columns
sample corpora
home late
grant eia
lexicalized phrases
corresponding e
adding non
en jeu
la premi
unweighted average
given state
kernel using
constraint p
graph relation
negative case
driven analysis
using dictionaries
corresponding nes
given side
vector learning
contraction rules
welch reestimation
global settings
final coding
r words
representatio n
additional arcs
legal terminology
syntactic words
states might
value specifies
new combination
predicate verb
another constraint
mode would
level tokenization
lvc detection
57 years
record information
head automaton
phonetic classification
unseen named
ai knowledge
art automatic
wsd evaluation
clinic information
null lems
cache hit
possible need
affinity rank
example depicted
boosting iteration
adjacent word
also look
structures encoding
target sequences
add item
computational effort
semantics may
expected sentence
global semantic
args labelled
korean machine
compute term
matching rules
computer scientists
cut model
careful selection
model previously
binary constraints
automatically derives
time approach
tracking system
foreign minister
wasted effort
tree allows
oriented dialog
state updates
single pp
term identification
via speech
v using
condition cannot
net score
advanced learners
categories contain
component used
categorial grammar
define classes
building domain
alignments checked
knowledge based
detailed parsing
generating responses
categories occur
define various
taxonomic tree
karen sparck
baseline ensemble
based manner
control annotations
45 parameter
results previously
model throughout
possible mapping
stochastic grammatical
system describes
merge grammar
test conducted
vi e
difficulties due
partially correc
descriptor slot
nominal suffix
organization entity
induced topic
accuracy result
judges found
candidate site
retrieval processes
predicted referents
better data
period time
entire grammar
vocabulary contained
inappropriate response
use v
classification attributes
tag class
7 test
string specifications
way pipeline
5 senses
last possibility
1we use
common suffixes
letters x
adverb followed
instances according
order position
skuce et
important relationships
beautiful people
seven domain
relations must
independent ner
fundamental notion
important computational
similarity algorithm
new formula
making predictions
collins used
encouraging result
good rule
users take
discourse types
theoretic language
desired rules
following class
information incorporated
dynamic aspect
switchboard treebank
current vline
one task
robust syntactic
reduced chunks
extra material
modifier placement
newswire corpus
coreferent noun
every prefix
occasion holds
time behavior
corresponding f
given th
application mechanism
internal processing
meeting data
kate et
dorr 1997
conversion approach
yin wei
striking similarities
adjoining words
selected landmark
corpus usually
character pattern
60 verbs
first ellipsis
suitable candidate
multiple methods
algorithm runs
analytic approach
prove theorem
usage may
ccg grammars
performance structure
level domain
facilitate communication
susceptibles de
job titles
understand texts
rules representing
structure fails
efficiently compute
individual verb
a2 n
scoring techniques
handle requests
x corresponds
string represents
automatic parsing
system places
requirements document
build specific
zoning information
grammar theories
summary contains
top size
english direction
type assignment
method combined
positive aspect
fundamental aspect
scoring essays
completely language
iteration consists
dec system
employ machine
combination experiments
interna l
cluster ci
combined information
sense coverage
comparison procedure
mt system
anguage processing
first np
factor used
link provides
practical extraction
feature occurrence
stress markings
company designator
concepts contain
classifiers could
turkish side
words becomes
minimal scope
verb substitutable
stay verbs
system mentions
tree transduction
structure rather
intention tags
category space
false cues
active perspective
temporal constraints
based distortion
a2 a42
multivalued features
enrichment corp
size explosion
biomedical entity
linguistics department
minimal grammar
growing body
writing support
class hierarchy
udrs k
mate coding
description method
le jardin
milne 1983
topic part
set fl
reverse transformational
parsers based
possessive form
theoretical work
repair target
timetable information
parser employs
expression could
default one
resulting pairs
possible rules
appropriate dialogue
compare alternative
introduce non
postings list
composite expression
focuses mainly
subsentential alignment
rule tester
appropriate roles
independent summarization
string e
solutions using
genomic variation
manage information
complete template
phrase bracketter
ftf g
location referent
set construction
binary right
perspective time
ion c
significant advantage
magerman 95
cooperative interaction
morphological database
inheritance network
accurate syntactic
top third
chain word
shanker et
parse time
either class
every level
rich array
terms would
spanish adjectives
participial phrase
sortie de
bekkerman et
simple good
objective word
two panels
grammar employing
get correct
first predictor
three precision
inst go
indexed chart
abstract generation
three years
earley generation
ordination relations
use algorithms
e sentences
two steps
preferred alternatives
tree paths
identifying answers
arc wfsa
primary reasons
mean score
name boundaries
used texts
topic code
considers lexical
repeated patterns
training runs
definitional sentences
specific standards
lvq algorithm
validation patterns
heading word
japanese also
corpus sentence
left recursion
new drs
adaptation methods
label sequences
sentence immediately
sample profile
engcg tagger
minimal unit
a121 a11
software projects
syntactical functions
satisfies one
engine e3
based pruning
complex parts
structure du
studied problems
input bag
generic ner
using agreement
particular structural
dialog partners
underlying ideas
6 users
undecided cases
corresponding sets
section deals
cue phrase
following experimental
weight training
syntactic role
application design
architecture employed
tree growing
principal motivation
temporal prepositional
ontological module
better queries
document template
segmentation program
new scores
subsequent rules
si et
row contains
natural tasks
mapping surface
representing nouns
argument differs
optimal results
excimer laser
stylistic dimension
clustering mechanism
optimum values
simard et
door orb
predicative term
4 sec
krahmer et
infinite data
representing simple
perceptual complexity
finds two
lead system
computational steps
verbal paradigms
annotators may
argument category
mark twain
problem quite
complete discussion
referential expressions
biomedical journal
separate parameters
different processors
four corners
computational syntactic
possible referent
text annotated
practical purposes
input parameters
greater length
many search
tim basic
appropriate intonational
given day
g grammar
general flow
arc labelled
different group
pruned search
recursion equations
research prototypes
analysis program
key notion
final noun
string f
find sentences
based form
supertag sequence
pp post
oriented grammars
rigid noun
specific tools
handling ambiguity
editing task
synset nodes
wild rose
choose rule
distinguishing features
wordnet terms
next attribute
computer experience
ascii code
coherent class
indicate sentences
benchmark datasets
common examples
researchers would
certain rule
important claim
reasonable expectation
adding edges
task line
generally occurs
biotope column
engine performs
baldwin et
boolean retrieval
unique code
new modality
protein mentions
length rules
thresholds used
connection strengths
smaller distances
hypothetical elements
basic processing
grant n0014
proposed architecture
graph models
sense also
empty language
respective test
general cfg
conversation data
lexicon automatically
cannot discuss
idiomatic constructs
first period
centering preference
verb must
exact opposite
analytic causatives
spatial context
opinions expressed
first mapping
nl interpretation
word a3
collocation based
process proposed
fast hamming
key aspect
inanimate subject
decomposition approach
work area
estimated distance
mapping theory
dog next
ambiguous segmentation
linguistic background
show great
restricted coverage
subtype covering
operative interaction
possible variants
unrelated sense
abstracts containing
given countability
rule independence
matrix whose
informal example
chinese proper
french position
expected answer
pluperfect clauses
semantic expressions
establish relations
dominating nodes
tree composed
based cfg
concrete semantic
classifier types
largest difference
naming service
events introduced
problematic feature
theoretical sphere
database structures
problematic examples
common adjectives
becomes impractical
su ers
another look
similar relations
using ontologies
help researchers
parallel wordnets
french output
multiple topics
lexicon consisting
wordsmith tools
assign meaning
requires information
3 outlines
tile application
analysis record
hitoshi iida
hypothesis tests
model complex
similar considerations
simulated environment
olive oil
plural noun
1300 development
step example
reference slots
reduction proof
single parser
resulting edge
f represents
two probability
hlt applications
fact exactly
studies rely
abrupt cut
basic step
declarative rules
lingual results
information preservation
correctly classi
bob weide
recognized name
elliptical construction
possible slot
useless rules
model accounts
right second
unnormalized string
guarantee optimal
collection project
generative capacities
gerund phrases
line 16
motivate act
identifying multi
nlp parser
language according
dam la
step model
elimination procedure
research aim
values representing
produce distinct
transitions lead
distributional semantics
lexical translation
models presented
behavior across
based trees
including instances
negative properties
candidate ab
enhanced latent
different notion
independent parameter
appropriate reasoning
two segmentation
model achieves
transitive entries
intended target
intersection construction
new observation
sharing environment
grammatical boundaries
automatic bilingual
categorization data
sets including
query formulations
many arabic
seed instance
paper refers
disambiguated words
relationship among
distinct phases
binary sense
word occurring
makino et
medline collection
system helped
string sets
interface using
providing helpful
question templates
japanese sounds
grammar already
representation adopted
particular occurrence
canadian parliamentary
k pairs
approach seems
elementary localisations
network processor
la consultation
triples representing
structures mentioned
expansion heuristics
manner shown
pragmatic content
bbn harc
f e
order representations
listen object
small step
precise analysis
remote control
que soit
combinaisons de
problems caused
p tuples
bipartite nouns
also instances
tagger outperforms
different aspect
distribution given
attribute salience
volitional verbs
first rules
structural phenomena
given conditions
debate transcripts
objects among
like car
term subjectivity
extended region
causing attention
procedure according
semantic factor
cikket ir
state generates
live speech
real issue
even language
metaphor comprehension
complex concepts
bad candidates
time term
third character
sentences parsed
status individual
inflection table
low weight
15 words
modification table
space limit
inference would
classe distributive
specific classification
existing computer
four objects
states based
morphosyntactic pattern
argument classi
frequency weight
graph may
increased retrieval
one well
using nist
preferred position
b 2
overall relative
task initiative
adequate morphological
value seems
match probability
class noun
percolation scheme
work faster
negative descriptions
pr fx
competitive performance
also shares
alphanumeric strings
relational head
take tile
parser would
ambiguity would
certain phones
moins une
probability thresholds
defined predicates
stochastic versions
models requires
syntactic levels
column represents
matching elements
simply records
total num
wsd system
standard deviation
avoid redundancy
a60a132a3a66a3a154a203 a114
information enabling
encouraging results
description associated
chinese version
metaphorical interpretations
existing translations
match segmentation
prosodic boundaries
phonotactic constraints
structure inherent
8m words
interact closely
cd phone
predicted values
discourse macro
typical run
ignore sentences
working hard
metonymic uses
local f
one paraphrase
tag probability
vax 11
phrase anaphor
current input
good base
verbal clause
efficient performance
exist outside
terms tl
subjects performing
constructing language
sls results
translation tasks
three companies
assigned roles
testing datasets
complex aspects
lingual resources
senses labelled
corpora analyses
moldovan et
turn might
null processing
aligning words
used bottom
koller 2000
illustrates two
simple symbols
temporal sense
set created
main system
ary branching
application areas
concrete nouns
quantitative predictions
every preposition
nobel peace
preterminal edge
antecedent among
version without
template slot
speech labels
correct modifiee
gure 3
detailed algorithm
particular paragraph
neutral reviews
research aiming
1in fact
structural methods
2004 edition
active knowledge
full well
pruning confidence
final purpose
allows great
rule applicability
2003 data
array element
different classifier
meaning agents
approach slightly
phrasal sign
alternative systems
apparent advantage
best practice
measure success
transcribed spoken
single evaluation
incoming flow
entities identified
used model
coded rule
country club
scale two
n would
honorific expressions
mute e
ideas proposed
n adjacent
detailed proposal
analysis finds
avoid underflow
speech may
cahill 1990
less straightforward
chinese based
language generators
using ibm
even numbers
direct evidence
similar corpus
media coverage
mitre group
coherent syntactic
microphone characteristics
assigns tags
also wir
language communities
candidate collocation
texts expressed
ccg analysis
emit procedure
dimensional problems
genia project
growth factor
smart search
free parameter
use 7
whose generative
parallelism effects
patterns require
movement phenomena
development award
three chapters
training using
system share
structure alignment
four similarity
similar approach
extracted parts
approximate parsing
factual information
specification nodes
paraphrase types
baseline method
short development
higher nodes
implemented program
time must
text classi
set contained
iob label
document includes
lexicon project
massive lexical
three programs
robust generation
automatic algorithm
a5 a5
ones occurring
account number
separate verb
passive constructions
words encountered
derive rules
spike lee
small size
cluster pair
perception experiments
operation corresponds
tile vp
candidate must
examples randomly
frequent surface
year 2002
suitable form
object indicates
disjunctive possibilities
realization pattern
probability l
actual algorithm
sable system
substructural logic
different qualia
translated data
aikawa et
extract text
collocational systems
input device
dependent phenomena
phonological knowledge
line per
every translation
1000 words
ejv corpus
resulting machines
darpa message
kanji character
syntactical variation
actions per
particular entry
necessary knowledge
shannon divergence
fields including
longer matches
phrase based
statistical parameter
various relations
model two
whether shallow
function kernel
shieber 1984
expected positions
every path
clause contains
eurotra project
online databases
two houses
academic press
nodes n1
involve grouping
sad man
right category
basic idea
page collection
first ranks
using transfer
achieves near
first slot
using cooccurrence
absolute necessity
slight drop
several knowledge
left edge
similar behavior
morphemes would
certain non
resource situation
comparing results
use subsumption
processing information
maximizing recall
chinese term
strings produced
tbr selecting
three phases
result confirms
units representing
model attentional
separation symbols
conversion must
gnf procedure
example stimuli
retrieving answers
wmt 2006
single value
skips rule
leaves open
different fields
two books
ot grammar
direct meaning
rule 13
main words
clfp formula
component captures
places additional
quadratic function
noisy feature
work even
strict dominance
five letter
whatever information
2 applies
operating environment
regular cases
contributes one
like walk
referent resolution
within nlp
target transducer
eighteenth century
textual features
part represents
structural equivalence
takezawa et
context containing
words generally
plan libraries
reliability levels
current reliance
two presentations
theoretical construct
nondeterministic choices
transfer algorithm
surface forms
treat co
principles described
extraction experiments
lacks necessary
early transformational
implemented discourse
relations considered
dialect differences
category could
see wilks
parenthetical information
java 1
identifying chunk
tractable problem
bridging expressions
grammar learning
gender conversations
subsumption hierarchies
unambiguous word
use vi
pattern appears
access via
another angle
similar comparisons
scale structure
pos sequences
environmental robustness
energy posture
simply uses
linguistic ambiguities
language profile
rule 11
rhythm feature
translation efficiency
syntactic identity
intended proposition
general phrase
null b
certain citation
definition statements
ejerhed et
sentence start
supporting effect
modifier relation
propagation constraints
approaches uses
improvement obtained
different performance
history context
slovene morphology
last instance
des m6thodes
prime example
dialogue systems
future using
web survey
avoid creating
corresponding parameter
model even
historical databases
information frames
remains uncertain
procedural aspect
appropriate realization
le concept
plan includes
trigram language
label feature
input clause
calder 1989
tree contains
output alphabet
certain stages
develop metrics
triangular matrix
higher point
link 6
arbitrary k
new e
unstated information
matchtng condition
right directions
subordinate node
watch television
display capabilities
interview transcripts
psycholinguistic model
parsing architectures
psychological theories
1 times
much processing
available source
results even
natural sentence
approach advocated
standard german
depends mainly
term would
knight 2001
tagger assigned
eight hours
grammars suitable
corresponding training
final module
initial sentence
acoustic tube
possible users
small distance
h respect
ideal environment
different pre
signed ranks
conventions used
multicomponent tags
software may
terms aids
adjusting window
full coverage
previous word
negative arguing
atomic constituents
algebraic linguistics
syntactic preference
intelligence analysts
extra schema
natural setting
ii r
succeeds iff
summarization rates
john sent
context cannot
initial setting
string criteria
concept v
values ranged
former class
frequent head
literally means
broker architecture
existing clusters
bayes formula
yapex corpus
english bible
expectations derived
identify verbs
initial phonemes
macro rules
experiments resulted
medical students
idea behind
linguistic interpretation
allow comparison
user constraints
use g
surface utterance
words tasks
likely position
different tests
standard phrase
miltsakaki et
l weights
model structure
basic law
add meaning
representation forms
best satisfies
valid morphological
actual languages
correctly place
parallel phrases
trees look
translated queries
control shift
sequential actions
des exemples
succession task
information seems
action depends
best tree
shared distribution
delayed goals
cation tasks
np p
containing ti
features allowed
average level
many sorts
ambiguity handling
independent strategies
hypernym relation
e amount
facilitate data
hypothesis 1
international law
vi training
finnish morphology
end dates
entire deictic
nearest verb
postnominal pps
asr performance
played chess
predicted classes
extracted concepts
comparison strategy
system reactions
semantic interface
ongoing topic
exceeds 20
sophisticated grammar
meaning mappings
extraction used
ir collection
multiple feature
valency frame
general relations
corpus positions
multiple examples
a0 a19
system presents
type variables
heuristic h2
line versions
hirst et
first line
sentence a113
general considerations
one synonym
violate rule
non terminal
learning works
verb phrases
every boundary
commercial product
search step
summarizing documents
nodes per
single processor
known viterbi
bar 2
las vegas
a3 a0
segmentation w
one top
surface oriented
linguistic function
observed events
output summary
major findings
various corpus
classifiers output
distribution defined
uppercase character
algorithms might
tag generation
chunk structure
factoid qa
towards building
grammatical property
output behaviour
coordinated clauses
frame l
information score
vn u
wff p
function score
study indicate
information frame
simple lexemes
difficult tasks
task achieved
underspecified semantics
modules operate
polar question
iii b
parsing accuracy
module assumes
precedence order
dialogue development
previous exchange
sou desu
peut alors
generates surface
generates extraction
documents taken
following generation
ironing board
annotating sentences
sentences n
degradation due
query containing
30 hours
base representation
general clustering
adequate since
information filtering
number grows
extracts sets
arbitrary prolog
constrained cfg
analysis w
temporal connective
ure 1
edit region
mimic human
phrase ends
latency times
forma l
phrase referring
promising directions
understand human
specificity partition
bibliographical information
locative relations
shelf speech
together means
health service
lexical aggregation
item occurs
theories would
hand correction
best evidence
mt approaches
node finder
estimate lexical
default classifier
initial capital
quality parse
orientation bigram
parser rule
follow verbs
ii database
verbs referring
effects due
summary file
find pairs
single set
exclamation point
roger c
important work
blackboard systems
political science
laboratory data
list locuslink
hand one
individual weight
male voice
full power
er w
features inside
best passage
simple accuracy
concept activations
80 msec
level answer
extensions needed
free trade
empirical frequencies
actual function
measures must
sager 1975
homogeneous segments
mathematical results
extensive coverage
structure comes
deep language
retrieve articles
subgraph containing
last june
construction technique
possible instantiations
challenging task
concept node
semantic ill
lower type
phrase de
denoting expression
grammar relies
decision module
experimental tasks
shorter variants
structure differs
particular phenomena
element mt
author could
les dictionnaires
language expressions
rather time
restriction language
steady increase
nested termforms
a0 given
right dependents
tic class
arg labels
every file
qa technologies
contribute less
many results
complex noun
method increased
structure category
different meanings
syntactic facts
first annotation
relevant items
distinguish relevant
primary data
nodes v
standard clustering
direct causation
closed sets
senses 1
encyclopedic rules
defines exactly
person number
testing program
induction step
provide formal
single fragment
turn based
word definitions
26 senses
relevant morphological
building machine
lectures dataset
baseball team
hidden tag
interval r
persistent object
see something
data made
iraq imported
final cut
packed representation
style summarization
various proper
template representing
per epoch
state mergers
tool called
elementary facts
entities together
better address
two references
rich material
either generation
measured accuracy
discourse representation
determining similarity
synthesis would
highest f1
question occurs
graphics system
weir 1992
search necessary
transfer function
binds variables
produced output
n rule
standard tagger
elements based
tang et
therefore concentrate
predict countability
past stem
behave differently
unique tokens
adjective homographs
mseas procedure
multimodal utterance
grammatical dictionary
nlg tools
wml expressions
tree transformations
typical applications
event terms
free categorial
best meaning
interpret text
chinese texts
sentence specification
hierarchical distance
cleft constructions
lower rates
small length
discourse mechanism
node aligned
world series
text 2
two inches
n varies
ambiguous derivations
palomar et
6 baseline
online english
single system
translation sentence
animated character
conversational action
system recognized
antecedent hypotheses
false prediction
prominent role
analyze one
preserving type
words indicating
scoring mechanism
head component
corpus workbench
three alignment
finite tree
telephone data
agichtein et
applied nlg
obligatory case
metric x
logical specification
ner candidates
text says
exploit opportunities
languages even
a42 a31
digital video
760 sentences
additional field
synonym database
resolution occurs
type j
becomes unwieldy
affixed string
lexical values
common patterns
directly encodes
spectral model
ibm bought
particular methods
modular way
w using
hindi phrases
findings contained
unwanted conversational
base design
similarity calculation
clir ratio
writing grammars
examples cannot
grammar often
contexts based
rules provide
xces parser
failure report
human transcriptions
rule since
topological prepositions
optimize model
29 tags
like unification
cognitive process
independent task
successful combination
boundary errors
expressions associated
first conjugation
lp solve
sensitive correction
module still
recent experiments
lsp grammar
information states
type grammar
marked case
page identifier
value judgements
de fagon
object hierarchy
null null
length class
theory posits
natural answer
lexical lookup
identical segments
distinguish senses
larger volume
term tl
arbitrary loss
sbr 8920230
initial answer
corpus given
tagger suggests
hand using
previous example
purver et
synset numbers
clause complement
acceptable time
two derivations
whose salience
knowledge embodied
value greater
cases including
romanization system
subsequence ratio
numbers must
based corpus
spatial information
configuration np
see equations
learn something
agentive nominalization
many resources
prosodic tree
tree l
advanced information
pattern learner
visual formatting
word format
future application
final suffix
man seems
source c
humans speak
runs ibm
normalised sgml
60 rules
extract data
information nugget
previous model
dzikovska et
text knowledge
constructing models
point ambiguity
wordnet word
precision errors
separate systems
white spaces
model designed
corresponding sequence
simply creates
based approach
trigger sentence
three query
vague terms
exact word
adequate data
positive emotions
also something
similarity ratings
numeric features
based state
single consonants
feature traffic
standard binary
way connection
evidence confirming
german translations
voice input
hash tables
functional completeness
language pronunciation
illegible letter
directly expresses
fluent translation
obligatory argument
perform general
home heating
significant computation
fall back
search within
interactive approach
state network
reasonable choice
words vary
pl gen
distinct category
time phrases
dependent lexicons
nonzero anaphor
class remains
art similarity
variation event
forms appear
derivation semirings
transliteration scores
visible segments
temporary graphs
john wanted
present framework
error reductions
overcome data
rewriting formalism
voicetone spoken
align bilingual
internal dynamics
mota le
candidate phrases
domain classifier
expression patterns
softmax function
domain developers
sequence scoring
using fntbl
target terms
name tag
verbal polysemy
10 questions
bidirectional decoding
best tag
define linguistic
limited period
hy means
involved ill
infoxtract engine
marked argument
focuses primarily
related clusters
correct incorrect
independent decisions
topics would
address e
syllable part
penman group
single words
produce effective
general characteristic
three error
mass destruction
like k
plausible structure
generate corresponding
file names
arabic dictionary
set vc
output mode
arabic tree
flexible way
stochastic regular
classifier outputs
hel l
second concern
rules one
user supplies
incorrect class
mere consequence
embra corpus
lean formalism
dont la
grained accuracy
positional words
program takes
syntactic factors
output category
constraint ensures
transfer phase
identified frame
translational equivalent
political speeches
character information
fewer training
experiments designed
systems exhibit
endangered species
noms propres
partial trees
1 structure
glass et
diverting network
full structural
use descriptions
world cup
metonymic inference
best rescoring
using automata
somehow relevant
language technologists
filter 2
rat stole
state expression
grammatical meaning
heuristic score
categories cannot
models available
heuristic algorithms
explicit representation
ontology concepts
million edges
lin null
added benefit
relation dictionary
dingare et
types include
first class
features concerning
best order
definite pronouns
parallel propbank
relation specified
performance degrade
topic relations
clues appearing
porting procedure
feature leads
cognate pairs
one row
minus one
tag derivations
woz study
different sizes
updated training
gre algorithm
different user
tree translation
visiting relatives
uses keywords
mary read
using part
detection task
e used
parsing technique
heuristic filtering
trec ad
concretion process
major revision
partial answers
advantage may
parser failed
simple sequential
considerable support
see bateman
2nd plateau
style training
relations mentioned
cooperation level
convenient representation
pos lm
pos feature
manual annotators
living thing
letter writing
american bar
section summarizes
market research
portuguese language
coherence relation
qa technology
practical size
chronic hepatitis
kimball 1973
computation problem
good guesses
contrast relation
annotation structures
convenient mechanism
spoken conversations
langue de
new framework
taken fi
third characters
concerning words
separate development
clear need
grammar recognition
scope representation
base routine
potential applicability
reference condition
turn calls
topic clustering
different microphone
p k
applicable rules
state holds
reg model
average translation
syntactic cases
satisfies certain
simple technique
observing x
response function
phrase entries
line 7
ahrenberg et
null ferent
range size
structural feature
informs us
entropy part
minor error
linguistic details
figure b
cf also
matrix w
linguistic likelihood
writing samples
light syllables
words wl
answer text
facilitate testing
modular constraint
loc relation
transition model
lorsque l
common concepts
topic descriptors
dow jones
core metaphor
bank using
atr spoken
broader term
robust application
architectural choices
current conversation
lexical frames
cps formula
x est
concepts cannot
whose goal
perform multiple
serious knowledge
24 subjects
projection rule
bcl b
string sequence
japanese paraphrasing
four types
opposite way
seeking environment
pass information
incorporating features
particular topics
phrase a21
around concepts
uniform structure
shibatani 1990
referent using
processes must
minimum difference
entry part
completed model
world objects
using fuf
rules responsible
main approaches
tiffs system
using taxonomy
four techniques
38 sentences
neighborhood information
substantially change
preprocessor must
also change
another abstract
translation relies
share information
grant n00014
nominal objects
word tags
attractive way
similarity degree
proposition e
virtual nodes
object word
general version
santa claus
parse cannot
like prolog
byu project
using perfect
template exists
rule combinations
level expansion
evidence supports
topic might
11 note
alignment frequencies
representing actions
comprise several
primitive relationships
link features
automatic dialog
trigram models
derives exactly
dictionnaire de
text readability
need money
boolean concepts
extracted noun
basic groups
new person
counter example
fixed positions
text clues
values provide
ding et
stack size
stock prices
additional fields
aligned bitexts
resnik used
identification process
new criteria
linux machine
model incrementally
potential morphological
developer must
weight per
common aspects
cases remained
criterion also
richer feature
actual dialog
dog chased
grammatical tag
editorial articles
architecture uses
individuals corresponding
database blackboards
reference expression
cell contents
preferred readings
several pronunciations
n non
whales breathe
duration value
use consists
individual results
previous question
initial recognition
english news
labelled cache
one gains
full parsers
increases significantly
tile surface
person 2
imperfect tense
results prove
lexical classes
added sentence
use recall
operational constraints
grammar via
second quarter
systems continue
spatial position
using axiom
student revises
pitch accent
checking function
mean recall
argumentative paragraphs
document section
document provides
hmm topology
contains mostly
rewriting grammars
processed sentence
combining knowledge
cluster would
speaker chose
propositional case
second vector
modified meaning
4 f
latter structure
smaller error
standard version
person says
practical syllogism
additional performance
corresponding task
three category
measuring agreement
qui appartiennent
reparieren tree
test documents
structure showing
minor variations
tool described
problematic aspects
increase accuracy
drastic improvement
quantifier raising
ion l
embedded inside
joshi 1987
inverted word
relevant since
mixture tying
thick lines
f l
word mapping
paper briefly
dialogue involving
parallel sentences
defined type
whole architecture
kappa scores
program finds
understanding tasks
central importance
lexical object
deictic pronouns
new dag
module within
efficient tools
rule found
results broken
social standing
master thesis
sam arrived
manual work
two application
given source
test two
speech functions
medical center
du programme
translation often
japanese government
fares better
one paragraph
increases parsing
con el
keyphrase extraction
pragmatic nature
structure profonde
phrase model
ones obtained
current transformational
tabular format
precision goes
experiments prove
possible resolution
world modeling
speaker often
word elimination
descriptive responses
two trigram
class p
feature overlap
lexical frame
val slot
de par
third series
corpus contributes
kanji characters
gpsg parser
desired unknowns
semantic deep
existent reading
without constraints
muc competition
use computational
block contains
like measure
communicative success
include items
within th
double objects
mandatory cases
tile theory
model description
algorithmic method
experimental sentence
different sessions
trec documents
thank three
attachment sites
hyponymy extraction
prototypical impact
alignment produced
honorification formative
gm r
interface expert
directly correspond
scoring matches
better name
dependent feature
function g
une correspondance
chinese bracketing
four a5
10 top
edge may
example representation
realized adjacent
spread use
computational application
extension models
netanyahu arafat
experimental setting
han characters
target collection
used cross
character position
10 features
niveau des
point raised
speech n
three genres
domination hypothesis
core speech
repairs occur
express queries
cognitive apparatus
recalling rates
develop models
splitting position
cheng wei
generation template
standard based
ranked sentences
gain al
distortion models
six trials
adverbial adjuncts
interesting point
taro wa
three directions
strongest evidence
function argument
candidate source
riot act
murder lord
characteristic function
words 5
tdt2 corpus
nodes 7
northern half
natural structuring
software agent
p 3
cp rule
pronunciation lexicon
planning formalisms
structure analyses
current annotation
dependency data
aircraft environment
minimum degree
main assumption
ambiguous prepositional
general term
average cpu
bears directly
history information
ormat ik
individual resources
element already
wilks el
cognition level
paraphrase representation
sections present
inserted word
subsequent resolution
rules depend
word marked
length probability
enlarged set
total elapsed
using weka
applications like
axis represents
financial institutions
extensive lists
new training
extended n
tagged instances
phase two
value pairings
environment allows
european summer
explain certain
prevent multiple
english concept
see map
boundary decisions
4 sets
analysis steps
ce projet
scene items
tile head
linguistic grammars
form identification
7 results
shot yesterday
feedback message
zero length
many branches
similarity analysis
repaired utterance
whatever sort
method directly
phrase bracketing
compromised host
grammar implemented
tree file
memd model
distance formula
position constraint
difficulties associated
contextual intbrmation
correct phonemic
current initiative
correction procedure
structural isomorphism
morphosyntactic information
box 3
meta classi
unique approach
topic proper
adjacent element
nps containing
complexity constraints
specialized training
combine knowledge
features rely
newswire source
associate information
pundit natural
local subtrees
parser generates
frames involving
backtracking occurs
relation tag
proj ect
nlp methods
since basque
head movement
character x
coherence models
competing parses
whose topic
measures considered
creation date
cover relation
tag trigram
reliable ranking
15 examples
labeled h
means style
particular software
central repository
chasen version
integrated knowledge
causal model
structure serves
sources provide
use relational
bound preposition
enumerable language
standard term
study indicates
latin letters
resulting expressions
inferencing capabilities
whose parse
frau das
based conditions
learned parameters
data point
garbage collection
different shapes
analysis strategy
reach relations
complete environment
precise notion
sequence p
change results
edges crossing
np denoting
root x
balanced sample
last arguments
4 described
branching derivations
check consistency
actions required
definitions given
already l
error interpretations
student using
gram collocation
system returns
rule generated
important umts
acceptable agreement
uses lexico
multiple parts
multiple windows
examples belong
scores reported
actual grammars
indexation set
users become
subject arguments
purpose constraint
tactical inferencer
instructional context
linked words
level semantics
certain circumstances
relation among
full entry
mark boundaries
connecting words
exhaustive list
depends strongly
required memory
derivation according
selected cic
noun morpheme
state approximation
meaning points
literary works
chinese question
email correspondence
assigning meaning
standard segmentations
better generalization
experiment indicates
additional meanings
2002 nist
simple count
place across
lexicon representation
type agreement
chinchor et
previous character
level corresponding
concept ck
mechanism based
describe constraints
summary score
c 0
un univers
nps cannot
local incoherence
uniform extension
different tools
ms 1
certain sub
n generates
allows high
caption generator
hindi sentences
incorrect segmentation
100 tokens
cognitive structure
based collocation
suf ciently
social action
another change
features instead
two men
every object
segmentation probability
sophisticated view
person template
feature cutoff
interpret queries
less time
distinctions within
class profiles
rule pl
means within
treebanks consist
official policies
determining scope
options may
slight complication
subjectivity clues
lexical pair
resolution process
translation counterpart
meanings across
transfer grammars
coreferential nps
necessarily involves
single operator
sentential antecedents
initial situation
technologies based
spatial extrema
combinatorial number
text processed
cf lists
given component
distinct analyses
ill tit
bound translation
varied context
identify discourse
mission transcripts
best parsing
knowledge axioms
two vp
annotation tasks
verb diathesis
every frame
short periods
inuktitut substrings
simple point
use phrasal
paragraph 4
results argue
given sentences
adjacent characters
lin 1997
automated part
dev set
crossing arcs
unlabeled example
intermediate solution
classifiers developed
done b
six target
working paper
graphical encoding
foot feature
conversational telephone
association function
user utterance
coordination relations
result fl
x negationslash
word unambiguously
best hypotheses
language verification
unit u
obvious point
empty subjects
cue model
similar phrases
interested users
words often
also accounts
role filled
synset may
constraint variables
specified location
construction type
coherence may
figures 1
variables represent
trees labeled
relative weighting
sentence construction
decipher speech
new l
performance deteriorated
sur la
web document
1 apart
chain crfs
complete linkage
sentential use
contrast may
last choice
bleu points
technical solutions
features applied
context trees
zhu et
treebank format
tile probabilistic
task undertaken
bolt beranek
program line
expected log
syntactic terms
word slot
highlighted portion
automatic indexing
english wordnet
possible generation
unspecified parts
spatial representations
lookahead symbol
identifying clusters
maximal join
translation via
really matter
two web
predicate nodes
rule testing
related documentation
tract length
primary target
current class
renal cell
directed dialogue
nacsis collection
candidate sentences
30 occurrences
sequential learning
proper suffixes
total translation
wsj reranker
annotated sample
000 types
complex mappings
model events
relevant reference
shape code
motor vehicle
observation 1
sentence beads
learning translation
document image
time mentioned
way language
acl registry
resource development
557 hours
vp modification
celui des
choices made
kurland et
hand editing
dcg rules
perspicuous way
associated software
existing hybrid
queens college
inheritance specifications
speech therapy
terms without
different tuples
facial expression
rindflesch forthcoming
paper l
competing requirements
combining operation
task using
acoustic processor
standard de
particular examples
current effort
collected examples
stochastic context
main feature
application makes
largest group
probability score
theoretical perspective
definition 16
size scale
syntactic fact
values depend
conceptual primitives
zu lieben
attribute constraint
identified argument
conversion component
topic progression
using trees
complementary nature
ing l
includes examples
system became
greater speed
bresnan 1982
muc template
replacement relation
correct label
pointing gesture
ai planner
standard convention
second premise
strategy means
classification success
different classification
syntax using
grimes 75
linear weights
combine statistical
cooccurrence probability
aist et
storing data
created discourse
different letters
space precludes
following dialogue
occurs k
corresponding equation
trains dialogue
semantic domain
query form
fact required
clear line
event word
constraint concerning
nlp approaches
satisfy f
unlabeled bracketing
enabling states
interaction effects
weights precision
smaller number
cluster rule
turkish sentences
animated characters
unde ned
multiple concepts
character readers
without sense
preceding node
carlo simulation
positions one
several chinese
agreement would
filtering systems
node still
supplies information
finding similarity
hebbian algorithm
leaf pattern
pair feature
independent features
la suivante
annotated parse
tutorial introduction
germanic language
main ingredients
approach seeks
1 verbs
correct construction
monolithic model
generation includes
general texts
cohesive transitions
linear unit
scope dependencies
texts without
r indicates
lincoln laboratory
tuple g
second assessor
words needed
recognition accuracy
individual nodes
also employ
flight deck
evaluation provided
probable class
noun constructs
intensive effort
paired wilcoxon
support two
access systems
process one
slight relaxation
consists mostly
sources using
bootstrapping loop
main factors
year 2
art techniques
range specified
corresponding questions
fundamental importance
system rules
long periods
methods take
total counts
using nlp
expect john
domain 1
eng lex
wdd results
priming words
one space
derived relations
computer user
indicates coreference
caused motion
belief action
include type
always chooses
higher relative
grammatical parsing
l1 word
categories usually
consonantal segments
whose root
p old
modeling approach
4 person
specific proposals
pretest score
previous assertion
additional edges
evidential features
1 notice
like c
possible correction
wt2g test
application might
larger test
sequence characteristics
aspects theory
certain applications
existing cluster
extract nouns
tape alphabet
contextual rule
coding file
multiple aspects
several subtypes
higher association
right atrial
behavior could
window broke
express semantic
imperfect input
current experimental
complex demonstratives
entire dataset
elementary parts
parsed input
dlmsum system
clue words
hence would
rows 2
bilexical cfgs
linguistic decision
matter concepts
radical position
additional modifiers
constrained version
role r
cutoff points
local decisions
wordnet inventory
define non
second document
w 0
generate good
every pair
concept descriptions
structure called
assignment statement
passive w
words recognition
surface b
second session
either dialogue
training consisted
model whose
weighted language
model optimization
automated manner
sample tasks
generating referential
forest rule
following inductive
standard texts
statistics approach
goal initiated
pilot csr
candidate sites
nite set
rule labels
ones proposed
partial state
system like
classifying documents
unification would
evocative intentions
like use
np objects
screen contains
block translation
spectral vector
french headword
stronger associations
becomes prohibitive
three analyses
dashed boxes
reuters corpus
start vertex
extension procedure
brown laboratory
constructed knowledge
consistent structure
conversational analysis
phrase recognizer
improve summarization
functional definitions
learn two
functional parent
chemical substance
significant value
3 np
constraint types
treebank tags
full space
finnish corpus
subjective criteria
symbol error
first runs
yoon et
consistent tagging
questions formulated
adequately address
boundary problem
additional material
answer relation
wise similarity
multiple possible
lexical differences
avoid errors
efficiency advantage
building computer
correct associations
itr grant
final configuration
data since
formulas given
b errors
regular word
compound structures
prosodic parsing
picture emerges
rule first
incomplete phrases
explicitly capture
result page
paraphrase matches
null plate
temporal processing
source contains
nlp lexicons
english transitive
short text
left factor
unique term
target word
simple thing
reported experiments
control frames
parsability constraint
specific kb
proof given
actual decision
second experiments
rhetorical patterns
la lois
set union
processing literature
discourse analysts
major dimensions
since mt
media disks
memory structure
whenever appropriate
space allows
ontological similarity
handheld devices
proper feature
techniques help
indexed path
monosemous corpus
perform ie
operators provided
manner classes
descriptions like
associated feature
danish system
application corpus
says something
guarantee success
sentence shortening
211 portobello
null verbs
labelled arcs
inexact matches
language structures
testing environments
total cpu
time retaining
presentation system
des termes
keyword sets
transfer components
unanswered questions
nlu systems
various phrases
obvious thing
skilled analyst
judgement categories
3 returns
experiments whose
optimal models
alignment zone
source level
representation derived
atn register
precision problem
forest ranger
strong associations
ambiguity arising
reordering pattern
success metrics
bilingual comparable
termination point
adaptation aspects
specific needs
vocabulary set
sentence resulting
user friendliness
le genre
different lemma
la pr6sence
cooperative consultation
free power
temporal primitives
database via
used r
x woman
first generation
specification may
corpora provides
level f1
specific use
meaning codes
logic program
choosing appropriate
ii speech
unknown parameters
proposed ideas
error recognition
categories employed
level computer
satisfiable set
engineering tasks
une sls
provide easy
speaker uttering
entity problem
structural patterns
effect whatsoever
comparative term
syntactic decomposition
words via
system variants
tree kernel
remains unclear
saquete et
topic must
true instances
model configurations
results apply
clustering might
oracle error
verification subdialog
deaf people
phrasal expressions
glickman et
initial phrasing
simple type
selection restrictions
subsumption hierarchy
nespole interlingua
similar source
substantial efficiency
q means
pense que
way relation
parallel pairs
labeled reviews
litman discourse
produce structures
following reasoning
tile key
hwee tou
ith sentence
lexical argument
node b
difference may
words end
appropriate item
line consists
new requirements
designed system
beam pruning
dynamic content
lieben versucht
recent availability
constraints expressed
ellipsis occurs
brief history
3 tags
subcategorization scheme
optimal selection
many utterances
paragraph alignment
tight phrases
sense induction
evidence synsets
set means
representation size
political organizations
beliefs may
space insertion
property given
key importance
relations r
alternative text
japanese adjectives
system ranks
two generalizations
child node
positive outcome
two varieties
wind direction
disaster event
detecting discourse
empty constituents
knowledge center
de connaissances
feeling states
parce que
direct interpretation
dangling anaphora
appendix g
government analysts
vin qui
automatic determination
output template
statistical features
empirical context
nlp software
use rst
shewa na
actor walks
mappings using
functions onto
highest accuracy
strong points
utterances generated
mathematical language
nominal attribute
semantic collocations
concept recall
dialog boxes
larger portions
joseph rosenzweig
e seen
necrosis factor
methods previously
attitude models
gpsg system
interesting data
character string
expectations regarding
feature split
focus group
simple primary
two transitions
query tokens
set extracted
relevance models
jis x
opinion expressing
differences include
return f
vocabulary system
sense specificity
determinization algorithm
questions without
message systems
random permutation
gretchen p
many language
example note
nodes inserted
standard entries
symbolic field
relative occurrence
high p
condition defined
connecting operator
design specifications
assimilation rules
second used
control frame
50 seconds
quence de
sadock modeling
generating instructions
formulas corresponding
compute document
interpretation due
per slot
probability computations
tree v
proposed alignment
let c
local cohesive
focus shifting
answering question
structure f
people trying
largest tf
det np
5 tokens
adam corpus
superordinate concept
1991 atis
provide performance
closed task
final diagnosis
discriminate different
logic variable
primitive information
coherence metric
dependency labels
ambiguous ways
generalisation accuracy
helps determine
wordnet lexical
conceptual distance
assignment procedure
sentence contained
generated candidates
processor time
oblique object
internal format
major point
structure definition
discontinuous elements
code annotations
direct function
effectively allows
constructions discussed
history representations
original incremental
row 7
suggest alternative
greek word
segment 4
frame frequencies
system suffered
research systems
leftmost column
dci corpus
adjust fire
event duration
eight months
representation within
assignment w
string z
relevance selection
see rows
coverage lexicon
doubt action
parent node
dates back
paper describe
saa ip
successful prediction
corresponding top
rigorous test
disambiguation module
compute r
low numbers
language requirement
default classification
apply aso
best algorithm
sa tag
network constructed
pattern specifies
perform complex
set evaluation
probability 7
lc transform
word representing
three experts
component processes
node within
indefinite component
identical performance
pooled summaries
sufficient corpus
atomic constraint
polymorphic type
theoretical knowledge
use common
contains definitions
conjoin operation
sentence ok
show better
within clusters
recognition technique
path algorithm
causative form
speaker enrollment
last test
original chinese
every case
reading arises
weighted relation
weighting words
dictionary consultation
networks may
editorial assistance
significant set
contain nouns
use limited
clause node
compositional approaches
multimedia annotation
entire trees
combined knowledge
algorithms considered
predict human
others allow
contain simple
considerable difference
probabilistic method
beliefs held
normal text
two ways
absolute constraint
modifier constituents
ten verbs
automatic ontology
van zaanen
actual identification
governing relations
target event
structure includes
rounds logic
built grammars
score categories
six subjects
based phrases
empty hypothesis
system prompts
causal chain
relations used
inference network
analysis window
environment contains
dependent parts
recursive phrasal
arguments divided
basic definitions
appropriate treatment
schmidt et
either absent
many numbers
analysis helps
largest performance
provided evidence
used parallel
feature patterns
relationships automatically
identify elements
word continuous
thought mary
strong advantage
chosen based
referential acts
parser network
important category
approach failed
valuable watch
whose constraints
two nuclei
oriented paradigm
two linguists
shallower level
meaningful results
bilingual concordance
poisson model
correction strategy
unclassified instances
include reference
locative phrases
vocabulary words
marginal distribution
segment network
brown university
isolated sentences
scale discourse
optimal target
dependent portion
across systems
monolingual task
misleading q
tree algorithms
underlying framework
typically part
feature logic
explosive number
quoted strings
range restriction
scope domains
structural concepts
standard model
particular output
agreement rule
public schools
chinese cross
features taken
fillmore 1982
arc transition
story length
interaction predicates
definite program
e occur
condensed strings
sergei nirenburg
empirical claim
complete problem
methods result
knowledge r
programming efforts
merged corpus
natural history
system load
every argument
computer tools
adjacent spans
factors contributing
tree node
previously gene
fewer questions
key content
functional tags
les roots
dual problem
proposition l
collocation measures
modality channel
significant system
contains 32
apex angle
multidocument summaries
cognitive verbs
np el
computational linguists
recent speech
text include
load difference
set value
local statistics
sense information
difficult situation
similar sentences
rate within
association values
given amount
submission time
average score
multilingual summarization
precision across
experiment tested
xed set
perfect sentence
defined operations
ai problem
changes due
tanker car
fast programmer
two distributions
finite verbal
nonterminal nodes
resolve attachment
component pieces
interpretations possible
temporary forwarding
monotonic encoding
dictionary article
probable segmentation
single member
common representational
need role
semantic sentence
data found
given pairs
compute weighted
john opened
time measures
potentially scope
various source
common organization
l part
sure system
structural aspects
brown el
training probabilistic
storage space
specific synsets
pa analyses
recovery strategies
coverage would
segmental grammar
objects around
probabilistic classifiers
morphological processes
multiple noun
project addresses
answer selection
meteor scores
communication event
voiced segments
borthwick et
syntactic modules
new csr
2 data
language assessment
muc6 corpus
morphology provides
march 1990
model discourse
segments tend
stanford research
sister node
term without
grammars could
e cs
represent goals
arbitrary level
two translators
medical corpora
evaluation regime
detailed subcategorization
answer semantic
separate nodes
maintenance tools
discrimination method
covering term
mary thinks
resources necessary
connection machine
existing terminology
dorr et
temporal distance
communicative purposes
basic format
cfg parser
sparse representation
overlapping categories
model variable
match every
becomes intractable
little support
ner tagger
vers la
productive phrases
see chapter
relevant sections
unknown verb
1 input
disjoint sub
experimental situation
sections 5
pyramid score
always proceeds
via machine
paste based
transformation based
generalized greibach
individual metrics
discourse tokens
recall rises
grs directly
extracting method
also divides
czech republic
probability g
promising framework
close ties
english test
1 vfin
structure prediction
fill metric
theme heuristic
prise en
many relation
linguistic segments
candidate pairs
marker x
memm taggers
linked lexicons
schematic representations
prior assumptions
profound effect
coverage linguistic
continuous mode
language theories
geurts 1999
task dialogue
moves beyond
whose right
2 days
speech recorded
sin sin
performing word
accurate extraction
love story
considerable degree
duden 1995
tag every
hypothesis 3
phrase distribution
bite test
successive cyclic
singular determiner
atm configuration
processus de
box evaluations
automaton represents
person throw
one report
different content
path corresponds
spotting task
effects associated
double consonant
algorithms trained
describes recent
man died
synonym dictionaries
candidate paragraphs
use precision
phonetic level
edit cost
native tongue
weight wi
adherent c
domain classification
selecting determiners
manual summary
bases include
language tasks
simple reference
conjunction scope
learned systems
probabilistic phonological
graph a18
automatic subcategorization
answer may
scoring stage
selected focus
lexical stem
system initiative
3 investigates
sample sentence
cell 3
pitch minimum
knowledge database
discourse intentions
vowel reduction
constrained texts
user simulation
requires knowledge
two surface
good measure
two extraction
cannot infer
human readable
centering model
u b
created annotation
based encoding
one pronoun
approach resembles
lo lhe
dave pallett
processes sentences
uses general
subject coreference
knowledge used
significant words
tl text
utterance depends
tag distributions
output includes
annotator also
advice giving
analyze user
list manipulation
source translation
separate branches
tion rules
type matches
chunking epu
system users
excessive noise
anecdotal evidence
canonical description
free parsers
elder sister
final pps
evaluation exercise
including pronouns
establishing coherence
looking functions
mechanism similar
extracting keywords
shape tokens
algorithmic parameters
dependent concepts
perform two
another structure
raw activation
models developed
natural log
approaches seem
theoretical discussion
completion time
individual utterances
initial log
annotating corpora
verb used
versus using
difference metric
partial translations
interface toolkit
3 slot
curve plots
additional classification
involving word
comparison shows
ure 3
space ir
money bank
associated images
bilingual resource
people without
nps form
many summaries
judges agree
context independent
combination cannot
rules stored
lexicalized reordering
nonempty sequence
kay 1983
structuring method
primary functions
single uniform
a21 a32
tile size
translations using
planning system
performs rule
lfg representation
involve relations
data generated
long utterances
liebler divergence
multimedia environments
second consideration
final similarity
major type
response pair
dialogue metrics
early application
retrieves relevant
grammaticality judgements
japanese output
por la
statistical parsers
one critic
existing taggers
italian news
kay 1985
remain distinct
see fillmore
every lexicon
fill choices
null input
grammar systems
assigns one
poetic metaphors
manual extracts
dependent aspects
ruch et
individual language
smoothing variants
free monoid
constituent parser
last clause
word exists
extensional data
maple sap
measure within
corresponding row
given edge
arbitrary thresholds
small modifications
author wants
design described
using state
model finds
particular patterns
tree correspondences
collected patterns
sum rule
lexical intbrmation
et par
style critiques
segment alignment
contains tags
entries needed
marti national
fuzzy quantifier
usually result
consider non
test events
answer target
alternative data
preference among
good correlation
preference order
linear average
sentence appeared
1 month
one identifies
updated versions
parser proceeds
variable k
6 show
view taken
senses 3
identifying locations
stress within
mandarin story
syntactic word
readers would
main parts
information included
iv f
brighton bn2
following figures
class objects
insert one
method combining
current generation
bad calls
top ranks
useful method
management architecture
discourse processin
automatically learns
sun set
peut dire
clause 7
modified algorithm
quickly locate
0cve facts
metaphorical expresions
stochastic information
gb ram
first impression
incomplete sentences
boisen et
string produced
maximization algorithm
tag extraction
therefore assume
replacing x
sentential level
computational theory
use taxonomic
relative percentage
independent mixtures
noun tends
measure distance
correspondence estimation
exhibit certain
gaussian model
trackstar supports
two purposes
entropy approach
absolute frequency
mineral water
trained language
particular portion
local features
basic tags
third types
la troisi
application must
moves back
high priority
equivalence classification
base relations
include testing
encodes syntactic
referents occurring
various component
least something
n applications
two head
containing a0
matrix clauses
various sentences
order associations
better explanation
minority values
lexical repetition
closed questions
method enables
um let
treating pro2s
florham park
relationships exist
video data
recognition point
real corpus
adjective good
bottom one
user still
automatic subjectivity
different k
expanded form
salient properties
points correspond
translation mining
600 rules
new things
news agency
construction operations
gas turbine
general propositions
american ships
time experiments
last derivation
subjects might
relationship degree
essential role
resulting structures
global ranking
model complexity
beginning students
axiom inference
short queries
jump density
initial systems
sentences prior
collocational data
generation provides
computational purposes
whose sense
content oriented
make binary
ensure proper
separate text
similarity coefficients
attributes needed
example listed
analyzer could
bracket structure
nath character
summary descriptions
systematic errors
tile distance
using th
potential advantages
stem vowels
appropriate dictionary
principal investigators
rewritten using
patent abstracts
reached agreement
general human
constituents lexicons
positions left
waibel et
semantic answer
constituent repairs
null cally
acquiring information
accurately describe
paper concludes
20th century
project provides
never indicator
et ill
tag theory
significant percentage
low relative
generic entry
available memory
tree 7
model organism
frequency models
frequency relative
pragmatic interpretation
1992 atis
every reason
related pairs
psychological verb
time marks
5 corpus
feature wc0
robust probabilistic
four candidates
current multiset
pass mode
using sri
efficient chart
possible dialogue
june 2003
system behaviors
negative error
four areas
words appearing
possible roles
dictionaries automatically
user started
reasonable result
individual acquisition
minus 1
sufficient conditions
factual knowledge
rate decreased
constraints allow
positive correlation
run along
possible symbol
lower status
relevance metric
walker 1993
hierarchical planning
inspection reveals
transformation de
introduced discourse
type code
discourse relations
difference relates
advantage lies
genre evolution
gzip size
gns data
mathematical models
un lexique
ontological types
different spatial
space contains
methods results
gun control
class similarity
next stage
form rule
ectional groups
provide material
practical parsing
rule name
major efforts
reach significance
global wordnet
4 task
discriminative parsing
argument goes
various possibilities
sound pressure
dictionary sense
base might
verbs followed
social scientists
des etudes
prediction accuracy
well humans
machines using
n parentheses
examples given
particular participant
two auxiliaries
many models
combines evidence
collocation database
standard human
english clause
full retrieval
classification purposes
expert matches
la combinaison
plausible discourse
big apple
original morpheme
databases tend
pomme de
corpus tend
pku open
2 pl
precede indefinite
max function
alternative queries
white paper
information slots
individual projects
types represent
medium low
constituents could
dialogue data
thematic structure
institut f
every elephant
pragmatic function
including verbs
plan also
numerical methods
require arguments
including tense
s2s translation
algorithms mentioned
constituent tends
appropriate evidence
reveals many
performing model
decreases exponentially
1 discourse
processing knowledge
e par
cer reduction
carthy et
e interface
subsequent dialogue
incremental fashion
learned weight
scope reading
examples correctly
mixture expert
korean ministry
full control
june 2001
though data
sky scheme
levy phrase
teufel 1997
improvement one
background context
implicitly maps
complicated relation
syntactic chunking
bias approach
squared distances
displays results
billion pages
systemic descriptions
time used
several formalisms
opposite extreme
sometimes exhibit
headline words
subjective task
points higher
greatest challenge
simply count
chinese document
avoid computing
permits easy
pitch trackers
values stored
since sentence
negation symbol
hownet categories
source file
correctly attaches
ps e
compilation phase
comrie 1976
annotated web
support constructions
ew relations
np types
complete structural
make comparisons
state represents
remaining pairs
particular concepts
attachment according
one extra
kissed mary
motivating factor
tree case
currently runs
standard recognizer
one requiring
term applications
existing treebank
propagation process
highest count
extending work
special start
subjects responded
simply pairs
includes concepts
arc c
containing speech
relation corresponds
intuitive appeal
entailing templates
total score
5 th
discourse might
problems identified
use rather
individual relation
male students
data consist
another extension
h given
seen data
formulate rules
body list
combining errors
korean morphological
frequency may
whose frequency
baseline result
peak score
salience score
different transition
datr allows
concrete concept
elliptical fragment
work w
summary consists
utterance alone
could state
cooking actions
acceptable ones
guo 1997
also notice
blatz et
task show
chain consisting
end position
based component
correspondence level
de ce
future date
8 ghz
verification tasks
agrawal et
key figure
trees selected
also meet
elementary event
reflexive prefix
larger picture
three prediction
x2 x3
design criteria
contradict one
makes data
denoting sets
average case
data labels
cannot help
production mechanism
bp chunking
sequence modeling
network based
local structural
focus sensitive
called modal
classifier phrase
chinese experiments
interactive component
strings x
appropriate meaning
program runs
level effects
particular aspects
multilevel approach
state e
reason maintenance
right sequence
useful concept
sequence similarity
extracts features
intermediate symbols
new versions
computational burden
struc zone
ironic utterance
system achieved
multiple agents
assignment strategy
wsj text
two conflicts
main distinguishing
connection matrix
paid consultant
classical relations
tree g
context defined
cl community
sentence break
rule generalization
oov rates
categories given
clitic pronoun
join management
semantic similarities
diverse information
type manner
corresponding entities
whose immediate
system exists
sophisticated form
node rewriting
specific level
interaction predicate
confirmation process
context principle
john runs
corpus made
fill n
phonetic translation
evidence retrieved
activated rules
data first
contradiction arises
subgoal complexity
waltz 1978
order lpc
coincidence rate
probabilistic choice
past ten
compute probabilities
bene cial
chinese linguistics
abbreviation fixes
atis systems
token stream
right subtrees
underlying sequence
coherent theory
constraint mechanism
specialized versions
italian wordnet
machine based
cohesion phenomena
helpful advice
new algorithms
evaluate whether
behavior patterns
major reference
translation systems
specialist may
planning behind
successful parses
human action
word whether
success may
verbosity specification
crossings per
similar measures
boyd et
versprochen hat
many novel
new activations
parsing operations
use manual
explicit relations
entire corpus
link could
le grand
understand stories
latter takes
text planner
decision making
sgml dtd
frequencies recreated
empirical work
des restrictions
produce wrong
rst conjunct
size 6
new node
context conditions
story a3
used svms
define precisely
possible alternations
rwcp text
even none
long summaries
vowel diacritics
gazdar 1982
values 1
last ig
frequency target
class el
significant levels
perfect recognition
typical durations
il representation
errors typically
get answers
term identifiers
functional load
read group
minority classes
hebrew word
york city
morphological changes
unique opportunity
algorithms operating
noun versus
psm learning
example 22
language sentence
supports multi
pattern pair
either alone
appositive feature
disagreement rate
old algorithm
supervised relation
rows correspond
first dialogue
level revision
obvious advantages
list given
whole network
simple operations
upper end
mcdonald 80
usually results
file entries
conceptually coherent
twelve texts
lead word
problem domain
verbal acquisition
concepts given
simple pointing
context delineation
sense representations
parsing activity
kind type
nn nns
standard tmrs
efficient storage
context dependent
first symbol
yield functions
sentence resource
de phonemes
sloppy substitution
f 7
c6cile l
agents must
model explains
gaze direction
state s1
similar paragraphs
automated corpus
better classifiers
convergence behavior
educational background
ordinary phrase
dependent noun
collaborative reference
text piece
semantic counterpart
electronic version
dog would
separate utterances
state kx
proof systems
predicational arguments
input utterances
restrictive separate
associated concepts
given stack
french adjective
a54 a25
extraction processes
require modification
textual output
wide coverage
problem candidate
hash value
using conditions
automated approach
distortion cost
parallel corpora
discourse behavior
yuji matsumoto
webber 1987
method based
section 24
term research
actual linguistic
visiting microsoft
morphological ones
performance measurement
complet e
structure provides
error mining
penalty function
personal titles
probable derivations
whole expression
target lexical
comprehensive information
chosen example
minimal approach
allow fine
parse correctly
four coherence
categories corresponding
bernoulli trials
au connecteur
main modules
gram technique
sentential translation
phoneme segment
avoid asking
synthesis applications
domain content
make deductions
sink state
concept distances
tagged documents
dependency functions
language l1
lita et
atis development
using hypernyms
recognition rates
fact available
emotional response
adult encyclopedias
first course
parse matrix
compatibility among
dictionaries exist
input language
successfully process
abductive proof
statistical confidence
chosen model
parsing simple
free space
sense relatedness
example see
appropriate order
subsequential functions
semantic expansion
called committees
sophisticated nlp
single parts
thc following
chinese parallel
address questions
basic action
shelf nlp
complex objects
extracts produced
within sentences
general axioms
air quality
provide tools
pcfg parsers
matcher finds
template reasoning
task depends
optimal n
japanese dialogues
commonsense semantic
length 0
null like
showed promise
xml spy
whose forms
using collocation
case corresponds
generic methods
th occurrence
feature augmentation
original impetus
world representation
classifier might
independent context
bilingual parser
november 1990
external questions
apartment descriptions
incoming sentences
kernel tree
tacitus system
entry conditions
n muc
move operation
complicated models
nara institute
number 01
two roots
human quality
reasonable results
car moves
arc consistent
phonological parser
vocabulary assumption
state sets
salvadoran president
corresponding pattern
possible coherent
rheumatoid arthritis
sets p
neumann machines
kanji dictionaries
approach rather
general vector
trec program
el grupo
express possibility
satisfaction scores
two alphabets
debentures due
order hmm
final project
us information
classical approach
muctype lithography
maximum scores
degrade accuracy
particular cognitive
gb grammar
single phone
two key
earlier studies
name cache
time pressure
concepts corresponding
task consisted
topical organization
system successfully
grammatical formalism
level accuracy
fragmentary sub
case marked
one supertag
model generative
sized units
trees spanning
juncture model
research foundation
cycle begins
g corpus
features require
becomes bigger
observed sample
individual models
class inclusion
graduate school
rst sample
category specification
commonality among
raw methods
using subsets
2 nouns
technology could
dictionary forms
subjects tended
developers would
conjunct relation
text display
apart fi
concept precision
parametric family
800 facts
kissed john
multiple mappings
visualization system
preferences among
common label
test beds
proof script
piecewise constant
probabilities directly
higher possibility
discourse recipes
may concern
lists produced
linguistic field
state described
used articles
eliminate candidates
word nurse
one position
analysis along
efficient use
tipster ejv
parallel pages
adjunct grammar
gestern hat
total occurrences
authority scores
dependency direction
database systems
usually deal
tv channel
two filters
syntactic scoring
note two
class variables
acl shared
either nucleus
decision variables
standard vector
guiding principle
view part
constraints formulated
content potential
4 questions
groups derived
smaller scale
term unification
generation decisions
one output
noun words
felt like
likely label
muc h
wide features
understand speech
users frequently
topic sentences
predicate may
towards generating
descriptive patterns
je voudrais
transformation model
retrieve answers
meanings could
spatial knowledge
complex modeling
nouns within
general distribution
advanced knowledge
detected demon
every textual
boundary phenomena
remains even
little dog
trained models
variables appear
common construction
th paragraph
methods designed
entry must
pp trace
annotation graph
based ccg
jan 89
two editions
database curation
sentence st
1000 word
sequence consisting
various measures
ne instances
ia tasks
structure subtrees
example makes
machine de
segmentation standard
groups b
judges preferred
stenton 1988
groups submitted
caller information
legal professionals
practical algorithm
complete entry
binding feature
hansard data
proto language
special challenge
interest within
accuracy rose
one partial
information coded
balloon pump
span multiple
units 1
second time
server side
value 4
contextual variability
summarization tasks
paraphrase relations
element vectors
frame consists
particle pairs
ill formed
humans find
reported speech
alternations involve
acceptable answers
object referred
probabilistic parameters
parser combination
baseline results
interaction type
multimedia presentations
significant preference
section b
specific preposition
structure h
motional place
collection might
four domains
ten rules
including hidden
short passages
decoupled mode
like earley
derivation structures
paper illustrates
many glosses
reported accuracies
passive clauses
indefinite plural
rs relations
lies somewhere
poisson distribution
maximal label
sentence rankings
overall relevance
person pronominal
strict locality
longer phrases
database search
like translation
instant messaging
corpora also
different proposals
tremendous potential
given match
working hypothesis
optional constituents
possible realization
one x
new occurrences
sequences observed
presents algorithms
hand notation
x er
tanaka selective
avoid counting
current application
early experiences
different contextual
reference sets
shelf machine
textual patterns
bilingual evaluation
full output
definition pattern
earlier project
represent local
spanish adjective
mate project
numbers used
base term
cross category
like maximum
available implementation
select non
past research
lob tagset
word one
multimedia generation
basic tone
jump distance
decision stump
variable c
500 iterations
last result
quantity value
fraurud 1990
also proposes
tree descriptions
three setups
better ranking
using ssgs
supervised models
deep parse
q ps
audio streams
occurrence counts
significant overhead
operators correspond
curve shows
actually denotes
possible integration
individual may
string pattern
generated phrase
decision concerning
clause following
sa tags
18 errors
text read
free modi
occurs next
watching tv
user describes
cache contains
identifying predicate
process user
features express
doubt whether
response would
example might
th entry
second segment
plans may
categories defined
process depends
class project
several evaluation
valid structures
module returns
pass 2
corpora involved
particular noun
automatic meeting
singleton group
relations occur
times increase
p respectively
interpretation method
bus leaves
pages may
child relationships
many alignments
clustered model
figures 3
text graphs
fewer entities
le professeur
chains within
notions used
depth processing
companies saw
context clusters
passages contained
specific affixes
example illustrating
configuration using
using latent
tom cruise
corpus dimensions
noun cn
quality compared
1 elements
grammar made
model generalizes
n appendix
database development
whole query
everyone would
alignment work
dialogue settings
linguistic rule
unexpressed object
legal sentence
input relation
display tables
clue intersection
detected demons
viewed documents
terminal sequence
specific translation
video ocr
annotated subset
different strata
attentional spaces
part iii
omit form
constraints without
wsj data
words development
models 2
ml methods
constituent words
dimensional scheme
shows number
betweenness centrality
learning case
following sources
superordinate clause
experimental systems
final consonant
class attribute
time went
alternative target
sentences typically
textual representations
studies based
seed documents
long novel
10 cents
hit name
language often
annotator agreements
versus 0
formant frequency
use query
clause consists
pollard 1985
use speaker
biomedical terminology
something already
drt representation
corresponding phoneme
experiment discussed
stored documents
brevity penalty
applications using
level hybrid
burger et
articles taken
location extraction
rains tomorrow
method aims
full capabilities
hypermedia document
pocket dictionary
lexicon makes
destination vector
discrete observation
supertag information
use second
topic exploration
two primitives
morphological categories
segment ii
mxpost tagger
state framework
interaction protocols
saw yesterday
enables users
argument bigrams
de boer
first bit
event element
less mature
first show
different needs
des arguments
tim structure
context play
via computer
value expression
user mentions
list defined
increase exponentially
a0 al
different use
high similarity
documents must
two step
possible future
likes apples
conventional kinds
conversion experiment
using clusters
warfare systems
mark different
qbte model
concepts defined
points back
appropriate preprocessing
gram count
weighting factors
fu et
actual rule
since recognition
external features
sentence strings
lexical tapes
conjunction mechanism
palm beach
preposed constituent
position b
ie templates
relative motion
individual target
l relations
agent np
major advantages
matrix vp
large label
reduction program
either select
methods become
share knowledge
terminological consistency
agency domain
use short
human ratings
linear code
powerful effect
intentional actions
dialogue may
null line
half past
corresponding context
english ie
ground control
indexed qlf
newswire corpora
mean error
flexible matching
base must
significant facts
multinuclear relation
frequently share
additional machinery
general unifier
major operations
pustejovsky 1991
called domain
possible extensions
compute time
left unexpressed
sag 1994
every empty
john barnden
certain paths
creative process
multiple cooperating
weighting policy
parses may
word using
adverbial modifier
bottom left
low dimensional
personal experience
many choices
adjunct attachment
objective senses
variable allows
task alone
takes input
retrieval accuracy
scale syntactic
tile tag
use reinforcement
extracted objects
make texts
german treebank
object moves
becomes impossible
alignment precision
hc rules
unary relations
contiguous parts
x derives
method tested
synthesizing sentences
precompiled list
correctly classifies
pops s1
tree consists
systems outperform
like people
every hline
ne recognizers
dialogs collected
first experiences
pushdown transducer
euskaldunon egunkaria
strong locality
given pro
pronunciation network
lexicon might
ov col1ng
marginal probabilities
four problems
subject area
physical science
syntax alone
e mt
training dat
transformational analyses
role bindings
dependent module
id value
towards robust
systems mostly
ideographic text
used senses
five tags
multiple default
null elements
space list
identification tool
arpa tipster
next version
shaded region
essential problems
checker module
parallel expressions
structural specification
stony brook
length distributions
string cover
good balance
internet data
discriminating words
steady stream
right border
verbal selection
topic vector
processes used
subcat rest
colon cancer
apply force
assumption behind
original parser
normal nouns
domain vsm
single hierarchy
intrinsic part
syntactic simplification
editing capabilities
immediate parental
source object
system provide
main event
virtual agent
tishby et
relating words
features axe
additional transition
carpenter 1993
various experiments
cognitive complexity
different prefixes
time a9
name components
minimal conditions
target subtree
discovery applications
relative feature
texts c
tile vocabulary
web link
current anaphora
planned activities
inductive hypothesis
approach proved
empty xml
current dialogue
nonfinite clauses
communicative distance
proper noun
detailed performance
n english
one crossing
consequence relations
whose antecedent
change may
associated noun
choosing models
using inference
eight years
choice process
either yes
derivational endings
word proximity
linear morphology
equal frequencies
conll 2003
current symbol
est compl
major sections
modifying non
electronic texts
real significance
empty constraint
suboptimal solution
john lafferty
5 finding
supporting materials
discourse must
functions based
normalisation process
better choice
likelihood increases
many subjects
difference lies
given bigram
steve abney
typing error
next day
classification step
stochastic modelling
approaches attempt
first realization
correct strings
specific individuals
corpus 11
phenotype language
que possible
four units
discourse progresses
referring expre
less impact
ef f
concept rather
index matrix
constructed fi
matched conditions
rtn node
classifier based
koppel et
rules ensure
corresponding penn
source node
corrected results
evaluation section
bleu evaluation
limitations imposed
experiments investigated
specific referents
feature organization
past muc
background information
hierarchy nodes
corpus compiled
texts use
design requirements
n scores
give answers
pattern lexicon
organization type
core categories
language recognition
encode different
model approximates
glass bottle
collaborative activity
sense annotated
order coloured
yngve 1960
compressed tree
remove noise
sequence types
link grant
frames may
research point
systems among
information 4
main purpose
gaussian distribution
text parser
construction becomes
automatic performance
function 4
palsumm system
une fagon
user views
resulting sentence
additional measure
classes induced
verb destroy
human telephone
filler concept
explicit term
muc 6
step 2000
hmm part
three countries
walkthrough document
first tries
likes sarah
idle time
bigram frequencies
section outlines
modeling component
structural mappings
one repair
support flexible
acceptance function
r p
allows sentences
identification rules
syntactic lexical
string context
word depend
automatic pre
rough copy
jc system
phrase probabilities
second mention
right questions
sbtg model
lexical divergence
generation problem
cat system
specific list
perform language
instantiated patterns
traditional transformational
theory thus
grounds alone
one participant
document space
error weight
system adopts
correct pos
conjunct may
allows students
random data
general document
result means
voting systems
sentence means
scvc sequences
performs satisfactorily
coreference decisions
elementary lexical
object similarity
different writers
essentially becomes
lookahead item
1 class
programmes de
haar verliefd
chain strength
poorly understood
network model
penman generator
goal agenda
core nlp
different turn
use category
new entities
test procedure
threshold function
separate models
30 years
500 level
three strategies
including discourse
significant factors
exactly corresponds
pacific rim
formulae c
ai methods
statistical report
l approach
waltz 1975
central shift
logical means
driven chart
ner model
name analysis
ambiguous punctuation
syntactic detail
structured base
instance satisfies
sequential search
different annotations
100 source
expression created
gram taggers
user groups
finite degree
methodology used
personal diary
global table
caused event
dimensional analogue
systems identify
stock 1986
trivial errors
choices may
3 baseline
find difficult
network similar
atn registers
verb sell
properties describing
known strings
classifying discourse
industrial co
language via
account also
performance averaged
require multiple
prominent example
lexicon proper
labeling algorithm
uses involving
natural langauge
different costs
discover word
section describes
timex guidelines
cluster membership
mother might
available ill
feature specification
shannon 1948
side nonterminals
collection based
newswire stories
sentences labeled
1 et
machine model
grammatical components
also discourse
help interpret
provably correct
analyses might
mention vector
constituent orderings
training tree
conceptual definitions
character ratio
conceptual parent
standard document
qlf expression
two workshops
gain due
breadth first
cns corpus
finnish sentences
guardian weekly
meaningful relation
papineni et
composite questions
digit sequence
incorrect surface
paths bottom
straightforward methods
different synsets
informative training
model smoothing
called collocations
adjective cluster
technical report
type relations
unrestricted set
upper clause
cnn web
mutual exclusivity
predicted conditioning
gather statistics
rule suggests
varies widely
definite probability
12 languages
show cross
overlap scores
les diff6rentes
sophisticated approach
large tables
word a13
primary sn
permettre le
two distance
low generalization
il le
configurational language
individual alignments
linearization row
separate semantic
association would
set including
overlapping subsets
sys tem
phone sequences
nodes rather
representing multiple
edr electronic
processing front
low n
pos p
simple plans
agreement schema
patent doc
surface input
pattern would
event referred
greatest advantage
practical implementations
frequency n
process performed
g must
large mi
general linguistics
tv show
centered segmentation
single word
phase procedure
give promising
sentence evaluation
sufficient expressive
english usage
function expression
word processors
e domain
pete lend
algorithms used
flights departing
matchin g
complete separation
phonological system
positional word
unit tagging
pol tone
trigram constraints
serious sparse
linguistic base
3d graphics
verb trace
token refers
clir system
71 patches
ensure decidability
indirect speech
rule instance
act ft
special label
denote whether
unnatural expressions
syntactic compounds
tall lawyer
collocative meaning
unique nps
previous grammar
pasi tapanainen
interesting direction
translating speaker
callan 1994
boxes represent
ordinary term
cases discussed
oflazer et
system using
erma model
level communication
efficient estimation
cooccurrence distributions
fetching mechanism
syllabic nuclei
different works
prosodic controls
pronoun occurrence
syntactic composition
80 features
increase linearly
particular attention
query phrases
retrieval technique
alternatives could
work deals
text tends
null class
written set
indicate significant
grammar nodes
ai pas
plain lsa
hr sp
node definitions
semantic orientation
main module
des adjectifs
vp structure
null instantiations
lattice structure
allows exploration
phrase beginning
variations may
heuristic fails
39 dialogues
speakers also
pronoun versus
2000 medline
easily test
cug grammar
large advantage
hungarian language
evaluation environment
understanding systems
gram type
across text
classification within
graffiti system
epenthesis rules
genia version
20 parses
drawing programs
000 names
sgml files
tdt3 corpus
departure point
bank style
annotators classified
2in addition
vector data
local government
pitch height
general database
hybrid architecture
longest path
data due
senses shown
phrases derived
candidate expressions
mapping phase
level items
find domain
word cooccurrences
structure well
reveals several
structure represented
english direct
dependency phonology
avoid redundant
precision could
human analysis
unsupervised training
2 prec
previous unit
level morphological
complex attribute
method similar
model deals
regularized winnow
stylistic conventions
particular organization
capitalization precision
arbitrary object
graduate research
active duty
record linkage
command instructs
lines clustering
grade 5
russian language
longer sentences
term refers
greek characters
information inherent
cutoff value
without null
grammatical analysis
lemma disambiguation
mastor system
reduced search
keizai shinbun
parsing becomes
entity could
typically uses
item like
music database
inflection procedure
segments found
independent information
instantiated concepts
rie de
tagger achieves
statements given
squared error
result value
point determined
language rehabilitation
language situation
f context
form without
providing evidence
10 x
research focusing
rewrite phase
smaller subtrees
left sentence
recognizer also
est pas
leading role
phonetic classes
proposition 7
corpus since
statistical retrieval
time speech
bold italics
general principles
un seul
affect translation
14 seed
english results
naming game
183 sentences
stochastic variant
complex rhetorical
dpl structure
ap stories
class members
visual processing
project also
hamming window
following punctuation
kind help
state 9
segmentation purposes
bilingual words
bilinear grammar
destination document
five ranks
valeurs de
symbols must
three task
generated version
two ne
standard database
integrate semantic
representation format
pollack 1986
style context
arbitrary node
similar experiment
eliminates many
initial nodes
4 lists
potential actions
science division
phonological words
many constituents
thematic characterization
anaphora resolver
terms composed
paola merlo
answer lies
expected data
approach comes
handles unknown
recognizer running
remains unchanged
parser represents
similar corpora
multilingual versions
complex types
names respectively
separate target
distributive clauses
variation types
le lexique
time factor
cc representation
also delete
volume 29
transition diagrams
unch features
fundamental level
documentary maps
natural communication
stage operates
dublin core
analysis purposes
several words
discriminative leverage
right features
binary format
grant iis
words spanned
primary driving
representative set
phonetic score
another program
resolution rules
nonlinear kernel
additional contextual
et ce
violates semantic
conversational partner
u un
individual subjects
agent slot
pour sa
mine knowledge
lowest class
project involved
called sentence
states contain
relative acceptability
description language
descriptive noun
normalized confidence
elr representation
serious evaluation
naive parser
responses using
prosodic analysis
robot arm
voting weight
question like
electronic media
b responses
fragments supplied
creation algorithm
weighting terms
research since
bio representation
sequence xi
formal foundation
factors seem
writing tools
denote important
processing include
domain kb
words introduced
tile parsing
continuous scale
qui soit
straightforward approaches
chunking task
chinese articles
category associations
signal data
rules describing
selected phenomena
become common
scores given
markers also
increasing sentence
overlapping clusters
theorem states
conduct translation
alternative name
corresponding constituent
lin et
ditransitive verb
object consisting
set member
information proceeds
path traversed
unambiguous attachment
model specific
thls work
share tile
first interpreter
mainly discusses
single event
lm based
represent patterns
features makes
pinyin syllable
phrases within
caseframe parsing
fixed point
altavista coefficient
parser follows
negative indicators
000 units
web server
correct value
speakers produced
computational standpoint
lexical layer
figures 10
berg et
j agree
different ir
total recall
singular verb
often contain
one introduces
better test
collection de
different estimation
p values
kr systems
distributed grammar
one replaces
term c
anova test
information relating
srl system
point 0
metonymic expressions
large chinese
part following
vocabulary terms
later evaluation
date range
hoc nature
action algorithm
pitch movement
communicator sites
shifting focus
result implies
previous senses
nrrc corpus
sentence implies
include actions
rachel carson
taxonomic field
composite features
concatenative morphology
open slot
often time
phrases occurred
abstract vocabulary
documents considered
physical model
word classifier
intermediate point
node np
appropriate algorithm
changes needed
solution must
inside algorithm
webber 1972
another discourse
source case
complete lexicons
precision retrieval
luther king
information query
initial point
recent ones
alvey lexicon
relationship expressed
possession relations
computer use
friends painted
passive vp
grammar partitioning
paraphrase must
predicate functions
opinion pools
necessarily entails
sentence processor
three newspapers
bitext cells
entire phrases
knows every
local governments
compiled program
n e
question complexity
relation analysis
additional use
sentential object
coreference problem
opposite polarity
reading ability
understand fully
offer additional
chance would
thomas et
parsing wall
novel use
final outputs
structural characteristics
treebank using
seeking control
total computational
present context
left undefined
going home
detailed criticism
confidence cut
perform surprisingly
synonym pruning
1 probability
es ist
concept query
syntactic subtree
strict set
actual edges
en fran
linguistic material
annotation systems
state implicatures
tbr instance
user reactions
wsj sections
plausible segmentation
magic part
feedback acts
tile world
device control
given random
universal recognition
error made
proposed framework
order flexibility
maximizes equation
ballard 1982
expert might
chinese speech
directive act
industrial context
61 years
related expressions
whose processing
previous authors
dso corpus
user presents
phrase grammar
unique document
current internet
500 lines
every vertex
phonetic transcription
toolkit 1
tagging match
postfix notation
corpus data
important indicator
top one
maximizing f
intelligence center
particular challenge
empty complementizer
training vocabulary
introduce another
date tagger
syntactic element
domain involves
chain representation
main character
overall coreference
parameters set
result set
model formulation
sentence set
high weights
ordinary texts
du choix
pairwise ordering
heavy use
proposition pi
research efforts
usually language
considerable performance
tagging experiment
constraints holding
feature default
question raised
briefly describe
cognitive effort
commercial exploitation
concept error
several percentage
conceptual mapping
mediated communication
mac os
fusion algorithm
empty subset
used ibm
appear near
one branch
june 26
text versus
parsing actions
comparison process
paper consists
known value
four binary
complete spoken
planner constructs
final representation
cellular components
student emotional
largest k
heuristics derived
theoretical constructs
subcategorization dictionaries
complete software
calculate tf
specific kernel
sense disa
dialogue agent
features explicitly
analyses based
new relationships
temporal np
across utterances
like frames
n dominates
certain assumptions
several obstacles
new computational
chinese segment
frame work
much coarser
np candidates
factors together
ex 2
dynamic situations
probabilities computed
one links
technical information
phrase unit
case components
inventato la
association rule
maps english
mainland china
block consists
natural text
tests reported
primitive stylistic
pattern rule
chai et
following property
initial text
agent g2
9 f
coherence constraint
little experience
6 management
low cost
representative words
include pointers
sensor data
connecting word
factor corresponding
document could
simple actions
wp set
people use
whereas adjectives
uniform probability
args list
sharable resources
syntactical analyzer
tagged events
recursive category
tile definitions
practical grammars
blue screen
material produced
example texts
corresponding information
taggers using
accurate transcriptions
ii se
retrieval point
cannot yield
possible sources
various corpora
make suggestions
evaluate performance
distinct constants
takeuchi et
adequate concept
support annotation
experiment series
suitable type
relation ontology
best fmeasure
determining phrase
allophonic models
realization operation
corresponding token
b make
features approach
authoring systems
also w
published thesaurus
types appear
nouns occurring
mood information
uniform segmentation
perl program
space object
lexical variability
data yield
comparative experiments
word interest
features state
un couple
structures already
chunks would
model helps
move beyond
l must
pipeline architectures
containing domain
bayesian inference
structure top
sprayed paint
tnt tags
two transcriptions
found also
structure features
input alignments
lexical network
human experience
strong normalisation
structure also
certain transformations
computer intensive
client programs
scheme may
different level
specific frames
un tr
rules 3
house bill
time consuming
applying equation
using component
baseline metrics
correct set
directed tree
correct outputs
a0 a22
three solutions
lucy system
using sentences
item elements
names suggest
threshold values
trained n
hypothesis translation
comme l
simple variation
cannot always
subject pronouns
comparative linguistics
unnecessary words
view makes
pluperfect tense
appropriate interpretation
idiomatic noun
lob corpus
complement noun
acts based
area got
definitional sentence
weighted parse
original ptb
strategy enables
object attribute
level since
algebraic manipulation
marking post
five users
type trans
like object
tags within
dialog cycles
use transformation
parser incorporates
possible complements
dialogue functions
latter probability
perfect search
new modes
parser described
90 percent
inverse homomorphism
rst sense
cell lines
existence proof
avoids redundant
available mt
receives semantic
ghz dual
chinese triple
original words
producing word
perceptual primitives
monolingual context
conditions may
governor node
regression problem
per channel
write rules
represent aspects
structure involved
subword lexicon
switch post
jle corpus
contain keywords
conditional features
classical cg
gene sequence
layman queries
noun feature
nlp module
structure across
terrorist killing
noun examples
lexical expression
context comparison
utterances recorded
resource may
arden house
june 30
complete overlap
google counts
spanish callhome
following tree
plandoc narratives
sense 2
individual constituents
trigram frequency
plan could
pairwise correlations
medical domain
thai tts
symbol errors
normalization steps
action function
modifier dependency
line mode
example highlights
window around
slight reduction
peter attends
specific classes
taxonomic fields
involve human
selected topics
case analysis
error corrections
jurafsky 2002
single conceptual
contains important
domain evaluations
target speakers
toward building
jth position
correspondence score
class representation
classifier model
one substring
appropriate function
tei conformant
teaches architecture
graphs may
definite references
lr grammar
driving directions
structures usually
longer nps
scope model
particular intention
significant parts
using predicates
phrase senses
weak hypotheses
covariance gaussians
correct system
problem given
frozen phrases
occurrence frequencies
sensitive tree
curation process
proposed training
functions similar
indicate sentence
avoid false
test strategy
poor representation
class mechanism
binary rules
right parsers
decision mechanism
rewrite grammars
complete control
three questions
alternative possibility
additional costs
real sentences
art phrase
specific object
object primitive
another obstacle
four issues
system developer
given ill
many syllables
misclassified instances
removing rules
rank using
caller wants
phrase attachment
mccarthy 2000
give semantics
life texts
delayed feedback
word absent
system developers
ir techniques
processing environment
abstract worlds
search heuristics
employ simple
optimal way
text words
query component
incorrect fills
thank julia
repeated evaluation
human race
transparent idioms
validation evaluation
e entity
hirakawa 1994
transmapping function
approach ii
186 sentences
tagging procedures
tile verbal
training observations
lowest probability
articles dealing
integral parts
query sentences
referents representing
grams also
reasoning system
intermediate type
extended abstract
intensional operators
string information
specific frame
system dialogue
document retrieval
text entered
baseline language
entire source
formal point
example entries
measure obtained
major prosodic
un nombre
edited word
proximity constraints
latest results
voted perceptrons
contributor relations
nominal units
feature construction
results averaged
chinese surnames
labeled examples
algorithm significantly
human markers
clues may
filled gr
sense knowledge
elimination process
enabling condition
maintenance costs
unit description
salient phases
2005 release
automatically acquires
lexicalized collocations
system essentially
attachment structures
correction utterance
obligatory noncoreference
international generation
connective omdat
semantic collocational
shows tile
either tree
corpus generated
distinct features
need better
selectional patterns
factor contributing
entailment pairs
matching boundaries
5 sentences
based experiment
often mention
frontier operation
c occurring
different thresholds
rule associated
generated texts
subset consisting
involves parsing
problem solution
following passage
intensional logics
exploiting domain
pinyin input
engineering systems
earlier study
global result
references discussed
based corpora
conditions held
recognition networks
sentences matching
errors even
phonetic equivalents
derived measures
higher concept
per dialogue
reading rate
distinction might
ambiguous tag
head sister
guided learning
french strings
automatically score
first select
task management
character spacing
fusion function
average distances
similar speech
common resource
embedded drss
possibilities could
arc list
sentence syntax
new combinators
classic approach
two additions
multiple objects
every condition
th feature
mikheev et
detail required
recipient language
invalid affixes
labeled adjectives
trees takes
extensive literature
category codes
nl applications
acoustic coding
progress evaluation
proposes multiple
symbol h
k positions
1 upon
many parse
pairwise voting
analysis assumes
character chinese
approach simply
similarly simple
recent nlp
row 4
spreadsheet system
inference framework
efficient translation
tong wen
relations cannot
corpus exhibits
closing brackets
logical syntax
query predicates
representations discussed
memory allocation
clue word
event consisting
maximal extended
70 times
bilingual sequences
canned texts
groups verbs
outputs two
adjective type
precision decreases
400 sentences
full credit
based memory
acceptable translations
vectors derived
number identified
discourse obligations
collection model
takes initiative
word expert
substitution set
earley parsing
discourse propositions
np le
abstract parsing
section presents
2003 test
known system
argument linking
vector may
automatic tools
man adores
knowledge transfer
effective methods
satisfactory manner
correct words
mais aussi
symbolic generator
john likes
default learner
resulting situation
common abbreviations
track task
combinatorial problem
contains one
erroneous patterns
handle well
a15 a6
clause subject
letters represent
days later
since log
following meaning
text responses
right breadth
unit constructions
evaluation problem
independent representations
baseline numbers
comprehension evaluation
displaced element
situation leads
based generators
theoretical problem
propositions expressed
case whether
past e
enables one
future observations
assertional knowledge
different situations
clearly needs
printed documents
partial taggers
filtering may
research grants
forms resulting
type must
city hall
larger language
systems obtained
part iv
line number
du r
simple ensemble
concatenative units
hypothesis list
deictic references
good discriminators
error reasons
multiple pps
phrase formed
description models
developed techniques
structures depending
reduced block
approach suffers
effort expended
n quan
importance sampling
another line
best suit
processes occur
every expression
american association
alternative suggestion
grand challenge
situation could
together determine
spaces may
lexicon entries
conventional parse
inchoative event
computational lexicography
human eye
textual organization
environments may
est dite
possible boundaries
instance hypotheses
relevant news
tim input
change belief
empirical perspective
several approaches
method determines
13 show
every ten
de col
static situation
route request
stemmed term
sere form
differences make
require complex
generic patterns
famous examples
en plus
figures shown
translation aid
individual graphemes
resulting graph
theory proposes
correct syntax
design objectives
higher ranking
constraint relations
weight string
publishing company
main characteristics
cpu signal
300 examples
retrieval since
egyptian arabic
dop representation
needed tbr
incremental method
adjacent part
become rather
5 sites
closer scrutiny
vowel part
word stored
remove irrelevant
initial efforts
head domain
verbal constituents
items selected
one start
handle questions
avoid introducing
least twice
000 terms
vector sum
choose another
document cutoff
a22 a0
sentence understanding
yang shen
later study
ou les
gerundive nominals
plural definite
methodological issues
constraint makes
event variables
implication rules
french parser
20 questions
wordnet lexicographer
define e
market certificate
single character
house since
bimodal corpus
development tasks
deciphering procedure
b il
pairwise adjacent
roth 1999
testing purposes
predictors based
structures known
lp verb
system reasoning
systems support
accidental gaps
mapping exists
la disposition
uniform formulation
positional character
magnitude estimation
head candidate
cs containing
single suffix
rule arguments
disjunctive form
world german
pronoun sequences
precedence rule
generalized algorithm
categorial component
online encyclopedia
order value
estimation procedure
unreliable scores
primitive operation
classifier trained
raw patterns
ibm manual
current probabilistic
vc bound
parse accuracy
known words
seems therefore
perceptual distance
tag tag
rightmost element
signal may
natural data
cascaded nes
second domain
algorithm converged
equation set
subject constructions
unlabeled attachment
initial data
mes et
build structured
classified instances
match among
american flag
latent variables
corrective modeling
underlying entities
agreement measure
entire sentences
experiments led
larger numbers
passive forms
standard hierarchical
find answer
question class
another annotation
following tag
generic representations
extract semantically
number n00014
reduction steps
since systems
sets automatically
structure parsers
cannot bring
strategy based
knowledge db
branching tree
nl research
challenges posed
expressions whose
proposed parses
pronunciation scores
nonterminal n
entries made
higher relevance
final index
linear approach
three top
van riemsdijk
assign non
files created
based procedures
data instance
acoustic word
patterns encode
three features
style information
nominal phrase
identifying expressions
gricean conversational
statistics used
aspectual structure
usual assumption
update algorithm
different affixes
static parameters
dyna language
map communication
lf segments
second candidate
clausal representation
segmentation step
utterance order
relates directly
exploration plans
translation metrics
knowledge cannot
tag among
higher prior
different lines
twenty minutes
context together
clearly demonstrates
particular construction
different translation
large resource
constraint might
ask people
initiative shifts
integrated system
long stretches
reservation situation
wakao et
stronger role
conceptual quality
sentential argument
90 words
nonnatural meaning
see steps
database text
different path
fierce cat
word user
lexical research
components share
sets consisting
exploratory work
observed forms
decision routine
word depends
following order
unlexicalized baseline
parser picks
years may
graph fragments
efficiently estimate
input n
path group
data recorded
english description
involves different
clear correspondence
different maximum
corpus consist
common rhetorical
index symbols
summary alignment
analysis step
utterance involves
4 context
correct role
computation terminates
lower end
correct understanding
temporal action
suitable match
various speech
v respectively
one organization
steedman et
lcs structures
percent compared
approaches reported
basic cycle
snow learning
general metaphor
close approximation
x k
gb code
acquiring knowledge
narrative sequence
driven ir
powerful techniques
traditional generation
chunking features
weights reflect
parser training
choose exactly
relationships listed
validation set
member attribute
800 word
elementary objects
existing structures
ten runs
target variables
state per
yields several
guarantee completeness
cannot agree
rule choice
high demands
baseline summaries
although sentence
generative power
either tag
large computation
describes experimental
examples seem
previous subsection
nonzero weights
kernel function
atis utterances
causal link
parameter k
controladores de
subset grammar
lexical variations
function ii
approximation method
truth function
clustering experiments
sort definition
2 suggests
tagged discourse
viterbi parsing
high price
token contains
ace framework
concepts identified
f0 values
general utility
ce qu
tokenization ambiguities
whole f
world relations
000 messages
boundary patterns
minor features
label automatically
matched sentences
bolinger 1986
discussion followed
features must
meaning identity
final note
useful result
subjective context
speaker utterances
used part
chinchor 1998
hand annotations
enormous amounts
reasons discussed
metaphorical semantic
word extensions
intermediate sr
model constraints
clause rather
wen ti
true population
greater interest
whole definition
good chance
structured inheritance
relational adverbials
observed utterance
fields simultaneously
sentences selected
subcategorized elements
processed text
generation goals
system show
location ne
terry regier
unknown language
selected feature
new requests
sentences resulted
interlingual translation
everything else
selected examples
either order
oracle sel
primary market
like case
constraints define
use f
corpora could
context pairs
separate constituents
recognizer confidence
construct training
tomita 1987
qlf analyses
member types
input constituents
possibly context
capitalization error
complex representation
language systems
linking strategies
practical ontology
mean f
test sample
system expert
new annotators
generate simple
pronoun il
project goals
nissim et
precision patterns
vocabulary word
clause programs
initial queries
des symboles
always predicts
dictionary describes
saliency map
computer tutors
revolt law
homomorphism h
n training
verb present
sentences even
terrorist reports
speaker language
n2 structure
sentence levels
corpus sections
exponential blow
second production
beta version
projective correspondence
ccg allows
grammar generated
phrasal stress
noz et
present information
rule restrictor
complete output
giving results
ibm bleu
translation relationship
per bit
class index
single assertion
differs crucially
pearson chi
government binding
kendall sq
one synset
np conjunction
phonetic properties
hanzi word
state z
bounding nodes
information simply
rule u
training different
000 feet
induced tags
time bound
identify ways
combinatory rule
thematic elements
generation space
unit whose
relational analysis
extracts information
null tems
time magazine
laboratory test
alphanumeric character
annotation made
easily result
bmm segmentation
duc data
output activation
probability alignment
many fillers
experimental text
term contains
false information
yarowsky used
small talk
find similarities
element nodes
limsi broadcast
rule modification
still suffers
driven learner
information scores
patterns according
global attentional
order set
1000 characters
principle given
case one
threshold pair
approach called
used lbr
rules involves
google lookup
measure proposed
control condition
like g
space station
different individuals
que p
tree rather
robot interaction
hmm approach
rejection threshold
using pairs
letters system
one place
er b
task tree
test topic
directly control
wrong answer
increases performance
based expressions
different people
particular points
robust parsing
interesting method
present work
hmm state
time grows
specific case
phrase labeling
lexical functional
equating questions
growing availability
one incorrect
different referents
sentence presupposition
transition taken
translation data
another class
graph matching
without title
additional level
candidate interacting
lexical snor
ordinary human
vp whose
levin verb
different boundary
variable list
20 top
problems ranging
text either
syntax dictionary
acoustic event
step 8
clustering used
general time
20 features
process 3
chinese dialects
affect score
disjointness relations
easy class
linguistic applications
lucent technologies
document images
adjacency relationships
ambiguity causes
comparative corpora
active feature
value specifications
providing efficient
two pass
main effect
assumptions made
general speech
indexical reference
operations described
using predicate
containing answers
hybrid transmission
tim discourse
differential mel
complex matter
uses language
plusieurs fois
third stage
entities often
sequence candidates
patterns match
kappa co
develop robust
rigid body
four texts
route information
installed aftercooler
extensions may
cell values
string john
aussi le
sentence fusion
sequence matches
commerce committee
many flights
better picture
syntactical description
another effort
environment consists
frozen sentences
cannot accept
tile proposed
carpuat et
black group
m0i 1
direct subjective
sharedplan definition
aspect value
steps forward
trec topic
relational arcs
resulting verb
read aloud
ambiguous parsing
japanese postpositions
procedural interpretation
word named
common pos
morphemic contexts
speaker involvement
rule actually
diverse knowledge
evelyne tzoukermann
segmentation within
syntactic contexts
weintraub et
rlg rules
pitch fall
retrieved results
average fan
tree 4
text sequences
enemy submarine
coherence checking
preceding query
value represents
sornlertlamvanich et
regular grammar
grammar analyzes
pl 1
new token
hierarchy may
version 7
reached state
paul piwek
entry pairs
constraints c
predicate instance
scale web
goal cannot
transparent fashion
literal form
koskenniemi 1983
order system
commercial applications
generate effective
current date
control expression
comprehension system
door slams
sheer number
earley algorithm
sense label
forwarded message
remain undetected
baseline models
proposed task
system integration
standard time
determining term
following observations
dislocated element
frame rate
actual applications
thus helps
level sorting
statistical morphs
specialized information
8 summarizes
including segmentation
one challenge
specific argument
increased flexibility
sinko shuppan
synchronous parse
army research
analysis within
transducer models
lkb system
standard speech
used ones
parameters directly
structure returned
tile action
relative noun
result directly
participle constructions
planning modules
sentence directly
new work
inheritance pattern
three determinants
bits needed
production version
resource building
web form
von glasersfeld
approach follows
600 mountain
eric nyberg
target essays
strategy aims
np extractor
system tries
phonological feature
john liked
italian documents
significant word
root morpheme
car rental
query pairs
pcfg x
necessary feature
various strengths
new compound
regional variations
watashi wa
alignment provided
systems proposed
constraints use
functional roles
training objective
class increases
nice way
cannot succeed
lexicalized nonterminals
produces better
use greek
translation projects
english language
n l
combining methods
provide consistent
noun indicates
immediate context
scope possibilities
similarity coefficient
merging semantics
nouns obtained
abstracted triples
ordered set
ace training
domain shift
acoustic correlates
teufel et
construction relies
kamp system
simply becomes
4 report
white box
strict identity
system depends
target unit
sentence onto
syntactical constructions
base nps
parsing method
dislog rules
overseas chinese
british columbia
plug corpus
particular advantage
resulting vectors
jeff stevenson
5 pairs
propagation rules
grammatical aspect
project lre
drank beer
channel translation
another experimental
view must
linguistic grounds
query predicate
nl generator
word shapes
link start
corresponding bleu
training algorithm
medical journal
parser parses
induced rules
permissible alignments
causing problems
rst child
better result
monolingual information
verbs taken
default path
stylistic elements
word alone
available sentence
three lists
pairs per
interaction becomes
atis queries
dimensional grammar
embodied agents
error metrics
annotators selected
used weka
grammar association
practical experience
based implementation
lm trained
work along
le seul
sentential descriptions
embedding tag
500 classes
maurice gross
unknown relation
phonological factors
newspaper sub
building operations
fill templates
greedy merger
stylistic preferences
per user
datr node
name fields
old woman
taking random
knowledge encoded
simple method
size could
third phrase
common means
production based
word coarticulation
system deployment
noun portion
treebank show
argument could
gamma matrix
argumentative answer
three parsers
genotype sentences
anatomical nomenclature
guo et
system consisted
btm performance
outside reestimation
directly implement
alternative explanation
states cannot
phoneme connectivity
corresponding string
interface attempts
several factors
differences appear
comprehensive knowledge
restrictions based
compression rate
preposition prep
require appropriate
pass back
25 occurrences
obvious method
larger region
process taking
ii uses
categories together
template 3
cats eat
interactions within
e given
svm package
sigsem workshop
passing process
text skimmer
question segmentation
trees anchored
java classes
represent dominance
consistently yields
oviatt et
classical vector
duplicate copies
order words
moderate amount
weighted constraint
global descriptor
four entries
barn fell
larger models
simple learning
confirmation rules
let g
giving appropriate
identical paths
underlying phoneme
prepositional meaning
situated candidate
constraints allows
model along
related structures
inherent differences
distinction must
value f
human developers
lower test
best paradigm
center grant
minimal recursion
blocking algorithm
relations usually
site would
best performance
transducer may
signi cance
cet ensemble
articles might
operational definitions
simulated agents
identity uncertainty
existing theories
many inferences
certain adverbs
results along
syntactic regularization
tag parsing
incipient speakership
effective heuristic
type considered
taxonomy induction
adjacent trees
possible tree
often cannot
interval semantics
business trip
also deals
lhe class
auxiliary verbs
finding relations
fact 2
large branching
backoff weights
texts file
inherent difficulty
absolute threshold
e matrix
error affects
science society
system utilizes
derivation graph
interpreting multimodal
psychological data
condition testing
consistency score
retrospective search
driven shift
response schema
mental model
axioms may
search using
decimal points
interesting concept
subsumption concerning
textual feedback
study project
pairs v
gene regulation
leaves much
resolving power
dialog date
effective retrieval
tile quality
means whether
underlying context
suffix trimmer
partial match
interval corresponding
likelihood term
interface function
exemplars framework
useful results
graphical structures
binding module
word connections
following hypotheses
specialisation hierarchy
modified notion
phrase containing
context type
legal systems
pragmatic rule
english literacy
mixture order
tile formalism
reasonable extent
meaning units
dependent modeling
introduction rule
using trec
list together
official languages
written abstracts
grammar may
sibling nodes
expression means
incoming speech
similarity measure
suffix within
common evaluation
16 bits
concepts together
dial tone
preposition associations
extensive knowledge
procedure applies
bear directly
like properties
translation generated
matrix derived
last paper
model adopted
specific lexicon
constituent parts
natural settings
advantage compared
make quite
different intuitions
multilingual context
2001 participants
rank 0
effective control
information irrelevant
key values
corporate mergers
porting process
lexieal features
term l
using asr
minimal nps
general guidelines
nested quantifiers
space descriptions
given domain
pattern speci
probability category
structure space
distance co
defensible rule
latent dirichlet
prior joint
increase efficiency
cognate recognition
dt vb
crfs model
preceding category
minimum entropy
knowledgeable users
method calculates
french system
contrastive experiment
object representation
local representations
processor uses
two definitions
extend tree
two parent
remaining structures
instance corresponds
state produced
possible evidence
propbank training
single partition
kb contains
word tuples
labs text
backoff lattice
added data
fact knowledge
significant event
document representations
result including
large sparse
scoring measures
produces texts
little interest
true ambiguity
realizations may
definition string
make experiments
value sets
desired meaning
second entity
optimal dependency
domain interpretation
cognitive skill
known approaches
viterbi algorithm
heads feature
function called
important problem
processed data
good score
single element
2 classifiers
ad infinitum
either parsing
1997 association
e corresponding
input syllables
coreference phenomena
coverage english
time domain
construct another
np phrase
phrase cannot
changes take
structure presented
four model
head lexeme
phrases recognized
exchange structure
collocation candidate
bi 1
like descriptions
multiple types
noun concepts
tags occurring
relations employed
introduces another
inheritance relationships
tagged w
induction using
system named
list items
stw improvement
typically sentences
5 proc
redundancy may
axe used
error data
experiments shows
strong preference
x refers
aspect system
first property
natural pointing
minimal sign
split point
specific properties
native chinese
text appear
interaction structures
program assumes
figure one
speech documents
mrl grammar
machine used
van eijck
differ greatly
concept called
behavioral intentions
interpreted input
discourse center
basic roles
left orientation
entire paragraphs
mixing parameter
cross section
much depend
nouns marked
information represents
opinion bearing
concatenation operator
answer follow
26 sentences
preferred fragment
structures given
combined system
regular basis
local repair
function represents
data associated
preverbal messages
induced action
national level
dpl program
compositional compounds
clear winner
task involves
syntactic variables
common value
first compute
bar feature
parse items
adjacent tokens
plane types
coverage scores
vowel tokens
previous part
understanding text
value described
proceed left
safety net
tagged elements
objects without
format using
sentence conjunction
argument examples
conversational grunts
sound symbolism
tree alignment
different values
add er
potential presuppositions
le r6sultat
experimental data
node exists
wn senses
design pattern
proposed solutions
er describes
combines traditional
structural discrepancies
category pp
differential vectors
utterances u
autosegmental representation
structured databases
step adds
likely value
criterion 2
like wh
database queries
cleft head
dynamic object
probabilistic connection
additional lines
possible meaning
case group
lengthy input
strong assumption
information quantity
additional translation
description gives
l sentences
modelling approach
occur next
minimal amount
arbitrary textual
44 sentences
newswire domain
techniques typically
token counts
logical conjunction
cargo compartment
prolog clause
kumar et
item generation
set word
database relation
ending boundaries
base document
ii computer
light verbs
host language
et valid
specific descriptions
appropriate decision
building effective
boolean value
information e
recursive definition
frequent baseline
filtering functions
graph structure
notational system
best base
address information
input parse
tagger whose
formalism remains
appendix ii
corresponding readings
new shoes
tag definitions
senses classes
whose rhs
various intermediate
verb usually
x isa
possible spelling
rule handles
prepositional modifier
ieee trans
basic infrastructure
rm1 database
000 texts
suppose une
inferable centers
butow et
di erently
value prediction
complete dialogues
original feature
french words
p would
production de
main objects
partial compaction
access functions
english summaries
jj jj
fet system
lingual dependency
table given
nodes forming
parse predicate
using treebank
imperative mood
interactive interface
tone marks
creation titles
system alone
parsers require
positive score
match different
system decided
cascaded training
original winnow
single characters
make assertions
centre de
heavy lines
subsumption lattice
lower aer
features considered
location tag
maximal value
list compiled
classical measures
prosodic mark
matched pairs
modified tf
add edges
distinguish sentences
project report
polar trees
generation could
derived corpora
suf xes
matching restriction
conceptual analysis
correlate significantly
semantic dimensions
recognizer could
semantic entailment
algorithm successively
better indication
algorithm proposed
module responsible
speaker models
stop symbol
first tree
lexical scores
minimum loss
3 user
clinical parameter
every combination
kmp algorithm
linguistic databases
often domain
project could
use higher
subject variable
3 depends
organizational focus
perlocutionary effect
communication modalities
resulting systems
constituent concepts
uniqueness condition
x c
performance gap
complicated way
generate plans
morphological effects
adverb phrases
figures suggest
suppose c
logical problems
considerations apply
class names
natural kind
boxes indicate
processed queries
assertion parses
chi ha
taxonomic classification
parallel sentence
retrieval operations
language tend
formal testing
question generation
contains pre
term counts
protein named
chart items
output space
plan repair
light syllable
data drawn
c corresponds
additional counts
lower clause
better results
electronic database
context stack
average query
called history
system performed
hotel room
corresponding links
desired order
content characterization
parameter c
coordinated np
integrated approaches
technical literature
point later
pronominal clitics
time production
noun hierarchy
recognized utterances
see references
strategy similar
single configuration
text feature
templates created
particular cell
text examples
information f
word lemma
two modifications
reiter 1994
adversely affects
de ees
section header
child category
function f
trees covering
weighted frequency
show time
4 information
keywords based
speech tagging
formidable task
different kernel
multiple pos
form c
subjects used
greatest value
syntactic normalization
e tm
kh2 tests
size cutoff
theoretical implications
phonetic realizations
psychological validity
approach currently
exact matches
metric value
narrative monologues
algorithm treats
tile difference
la pr
marking postposition
conditional equivalence
null anaphora
spanish system
preferred words
np might
carried forward
decades ago
left button
peer summaries
always denotes
f rate
long way
138 sentences
certain node
abstract action
logical units
different color
coreference equivalence
np1 phrase
de temps
syntactic check
overall structure
average error
sequential relationship
sentence final
concept f
uses models
null symbol
order polynomial
ambiguous tags
hindle 1989
lazy rewriting
rule table
constant algorithm
experienced linguists
potential end
additional stipulation
features encoding
overall tagging
shifting phenomena
syntactic scope
manfred pinkal
related theories
using boolean
display system
let sl
one label
max poured
sibling splittee
within reach
mary prefers
e defined
near rivers
contains certain
simple lexico
concept definition
formatted lines
work forms
nine systems
a116 a61
intonation generation
alignment template
documents used
true statement
first passage
answer templates
ending punctuation
isomorphic grammar
aspectual counterparts
john realizes
old field
selected patterns
training phase
process involves
reasonable choices
hunting rifle
traditional ngram
patterns ranging
backward feature
precisely define
principled way
possible order
sentences producing
kameyama et
cited source
subjective information
correction process
baseline metric
made parsing
one fl
related tasks
th possible
described structures
owen rambow
whose verbs
random variation
current treatment
grammatical meanings
component accuracy
constraint relaxation
principles outlined
sont en
system tbr
deverbal heads
translation may
test article
candidate collocations
define l
initiative strategy
large value
motivated framework
common set
mesh generation
left hand
one construction
early morning
syntactic techniques
qualitative terms
base used
best attachment
organism databases
parent category
dependent plan
speaker may
000 entries
via type
lvcsr system
encode subcategorization
immediate constituent
underspecified structures
schmolze 1985
mappings among
verb depending
different frames
forest contains
grounded language
question inversion
key object
le nombre
special provision
hierarchical classifier
present vs
research plans
across subjects
indexing terms
presentation operators
rich transcription
associated objects
conventional sense
semantic point
qualitative physics
approaches generally
two tags
selected portion
model forms
summarization systems
personal letters
purpose tool
next paragraphs
skeleton pattern
loca l
dialog style
cp complement
satisfaction z
scores tend
intersentential antecedents
input story
contexts containing
three goals
match algorithm
fuller account
looping edges
nominal referring
information resides
pos attribute
cran eld
slightly increases
3we use
distance relationships
sentence transducer
bilingual terms
stereotypical expressions
syntactic unit
information sets
kurs besuchen
element data
april 1996
full label
alternative concept
event labeling
situation representations
background knowledge
generation retrieval
chalne de
departament de
explicitly contains
expensive part
f1 accuracy
special parser
every english
feature unifications
first meaning
class units
nous faisons
simply passes
improve information
translated result
rule transforms
steedman 1988
pattern holds
way dependency
produce results
parameter allows
supervised way
predicative form
march 2003
thematic segmentation
shot dead
cost factors
direction would
2 wordnet
regional english
valuable help
classification speed
textual metafunction
chosen articles
fashion within
another specific
approaches assume
pp chunk
distance context
statements made
wise comparisons
intensional objects
volition heuristic
orientation tend
computational support
extracted candidates
essays written
andrew kehler
swedish language
threshold would
successive iterations
casual examination
german present
answer instances
routing techniques
representational objects
form allows
accessor function
polyphone data
engineering reasons
approach addresses
type sentences
pumpable substring
technique significantly
generation control
spanish words
word importance
powerful mechanism
chinese nombank
ranks sentences
maximal set
therefore tend
context according
many challenges
b indicates
adjective bon
feminine form
serial order
section investigates
network topology
unknown target
active patterns
like google
name 1
012 sentences
following algorithm
classes e
speakers participated
different classes
alphanumeric characters
last statement
de hasta
understanding utterances
sequent proofs
better deal
ethel schuster
user initiative
ok anaphor
2 arguments
rhetorical types
pen gestures
contain multiple
mckeown 1990
answers may
information described
formedness conditions
tree comes
linguistic measure
indicators measured
function described
recipient dative
type mentioned
certain states
pos types
ldc arabic
quantitative evidence
translation target
third version
spoken messages
one associations
yellow book
yield multiple
hindi sentence
verb lexeme
capture meaningful
achieve fast
right constituent
cannot decide
whose title
segment denotes
stw experiment
morphotactic description
cases exist
default values
words models
fine details
set model
length restriction
none none
words relative
earlier stage
different object
allomorphic variation
believes john
current practice
ambiguities must
list type
sources contribute
agreement marking
insert figure
iexical entries
corpus due
language lc
head positions
old rule
future implementations
derivation history
probably correct
item derivations
final phrase
discourse principles
patient roles
context match
march 2001
perfect text
mt project
ney 2002
mehr als
four human
divisive clustering
schank 75
structural types
reasonable agent
using semi
different frame
list since
cia world
necessarily non
utterance situations
one suspects
given sentence
declarative nature
size decreases
ted asks
position like
integrated software
category means
causation relations
taxonomic inheritance
constraints shown
framework uses
existing learning
parse type
predicative trees
third day
correct transducer
using brill
identify key
outputs whose
planning module
direct deposit
choice rules
adj n
incorrect tag
next document
metric set
correct cases
fig 5
said sonny
claims concerning
sequences whose
studies used
data u
predictive questions
simple choice
root parser
potential underlying
unit interaction
7 summarizes
structure leads
les diff
ill th
latter sense
combining feature
strategic knowledge
either algorithm
biomedical srl
expert human
macro tree
papers included
like phrasal
secuon 3
deep processing
arpa atis
relevant portions
obvious choice
formal nouns
necessary parts
spoken version
one kanji
various processes
hearer also
extracted dependencies
training improves
first tag
extra computational
take noun
environmental constraints
rst step
world texts
languages exhibit
semrel path
korean phonology
speaker identi
speech technologies
ie technology
granularity level
detail information
second author
good case
produced outputs
whole sequence
noun noun
selected concepts
several parts
structure could
previous form
meaning terms
unclosed data
improve precision
go code
human partner
entire treebank
runs used
derive meaning
half months
recall precision
candidate sentence
carrier slot
case performance
phrases np
word modified
speech labelling
defined verb
provide reliable
human user
absolutive case
one adjective
high coherence
new sort
subjectivity feature
chunk extraction
components need
17 hours
simple transitive
error relative
resolution using
skill levels
second criterion
next experiments
evaluation methods
novice user
large set
complex domains
nonminimal derivations
units etc
situated nlp
suggested interpretation
document coreferencing
research direction
lexical specifications
one page
transformation grammar
texts seems
predicate arguments
200 iterations
hypothetical world
redundant data
object dependencies
process works
first order
janus system
levin 1993
nodes carry
prespecified threshold
p rule
attribute elimination
constant function
des facteurs
invalid computations
database may
preterminal symbols
algorithmic models
cues available
made efficient
application time
sample text
cannot actually
score improvement
person feature
second chunk
define another
relationships based
communicative action
web site
likely words
key pair
articles must
similar domain
mt techniques
protection technology
following languages
web portals
maximize p
negative questions
phrases longer
material available
ranked answer
words may
preparatory process
typical architecture
various mt
general transfer
training regimen
system select
across n
complete noun
data actually
promotion strategy
state co
4 x
language independence
query according
use subtrees
use strategies
tag corresponds
require tuning
third term
per lemma
limited treatment
integer programming
closest k
large fragment
john pay
another window
local links
partial implementation
utterance interpretation
express something
production model
achieves significant
visual input
intensional contexts
discussion board
using memory
markup language
dependent rhetorical
first modifier
words dominated
word content
single objects
sensitive languages
subsequent evaluations
vowel restoration
information currently
dynamic ordering
entities appearing
5 depicts
implement language
becomes possible
smaller space
required systems
use h
reference entities
mary p
successful interactions
tdt evaluation
zero symbol
verbs require
input formats
april 1995
radically lexicalist
combinations based
learning proceeds
possible worlds
ejv domain
straight rules
level plans
source vertex
various pieces
flexible interaction
alignment includes
active concepts
trees t1
second motivation
make matters
user behaviors
hypotheses per
game model
dependent types
interpretation results
experimental settings
tile analysis
2003 workshop
experimental trials
crf classifiers
much interest
available hardware
finite disjunction
large system
dummy variable
positive case
every applicant
perform topic
word item
special value
use powerful
newspapers articles
standard transfer
particular resource
fundamental differences
fsa representation
response generator
given lexeme
25 recall
nform norm
independent knowledge
consistent constraints
one advantage
reduction constraints
lexical e
strong winds
method allowed
object code
real corpora
9 questions
16 bit
contexted variables
grams could
features mentioned
red blocks
smoothed parameters
hc dialogue
driven aggregation
basal noun
example document
utterance function
surface markers
contains 1
integrated lm
cooperative answering
configuration management
extension process
ocean surveillance
lexical indicators
collection experiments
head given
drawn upon
example session
four morphemes
state pattern
phonetic distinctions
encyclopedic dictionary
multicomponent tree
grammaticality scores
role given
underlying information
listener takes
unlikely parses
different pair
error may
quantitative nature
star tv
algorithms cannot
algorithms produce
register variation
np based
jj 0
current dictionary
outsourcing jobs
current tree
content rules
lexicon driven
effective patterns
classes described
following function
discriminative classifier
information criteria
category value
general processes
actions correspond
clausal units
initial lig
symbolic level
require language
many dependency
layer feed
predicate q
sponsored message
yields better
candidate interpretations
plant life
generates one
axioms defining
gather information
real memory
probabilistic language
context profile
respectively denote
si corresponds
capture regularities
asr transcription
multilingual information
inherit properties
names would
define exactly
indirect answer
intbrmation extraction
systems analysis
conclusions may
completed form
new summary
specifier position
upper language
new paraphrases
tail stress
japanese morpheme
leech 1993
input dimension
apparent paradox
many researchers
indicates syntactic
weighting scheme
flavor system
recognition method
including application
successful information
contains 75
parsing graph
total error
consecutive occurrences
manual features
arguments based
providin g
grammar defining
pairwise disjoint
full advantage
sentences whose
expression syntax
adjectival passives
training pool
component converts
linguistic observation
small user
a113 a5
last couple
rhetorical means
phone duration
output could
extractor extracts
notation f
relation edges
representing language
made modifications
making hypotheses
single similarity
conventional forms
unambiguous tokens
identity relationship
comp slot
trade bills
abc news
restriction process
learns new
levels comparable
un article
rules respectively
components like
pending proposal
rules c1
interesting test
forever loop
two implementations
erik tjong
commercial nl
relating word
dale gerdemann
hold beliefs
avoid possible
journal distributed
v pair
symbols used
new speaker
simple bag
perfect hashing
radio shack
simple underlying
framework must
understood formal
altavista counts
a59 a5
approaches vary
lexicon creation
aspect related
input article
complex problems
measure whether
n z
representation one
dotted rules
general cannot
predictive power
block alignment
lazy merger
initial name
common role
datr descriptions
six times
processing implications
strategies apply
bbn spoken
n v
fall naturally
common understanding
provide intelligent
edges set
predicates available
overall deduction
grammar functions
simple graph
consonant sequences
focus level
feature strings
verbs express
sloppy ambiguity
flexible annotation
second matrix
measure baseline
fcdcn algorithm
determiner sequence
relation 1
pragmatic inferencing
predictive features
using procedures
long tail
related sentence
structural means
tagging tasks
coverage sets
annotation data
satellite relations
speech technology
3d worlds
literal uses
explanation planning
problems encountered
whole task
order facts
previous tokens
filling template
finir une
briefly recall
relationship holding
based mt
case sensitive
continue work
backoff mechanism
argument patterns
mmr baseline
representations consisting
computational implementations
models incorporating
second solution
many instances
project grant
put restrictions
traded unit
whose input
affect recall
distributional learning
inheritance information
disagreed upon
damsl tag
flight enquiries
provide translation
de communication
jack walked
analyzer chasen
combined approaches
algorithm traverses
definition provided
sequential models
appendix f
gloss level
ted briscoe
associated plan
tile hearer
preserve information
interactive mt
anode 1
a7 a33
level prosodic
level due
somewhat ad
indicate good
ramakrishnan et
principal sentence
module builds
completed trees
wt 1
less accuracy
syntactic agreement
use task
linguistic antecedents
realization problem
gap filler
operation allows
single gold
crucial way
reference pattern
affixation process
measures sentence
vous plait
correlations may
specify constraints
logical terms
karttunen 1971
broader domain
complex units
null every
multiple outputs
relations given
best guesses
future prospects
phrase form
chinese entity
7 standard
positive correlations
candidate answer
alignment shared
lambda abstractions
plural terms
uniform distributions
7 shows
turn changes
contingency matrix
relation derives
parameter estimation
incident types
four axioms
one chinese
eu project
library gazetteer
combination technique
made salient
class might
key differences
various domain
1 extraction
default decision
ambiguity schemes
noord 1990
techniques previously
elaborate semantic
analyser based
classification proposed
null tries
models represent
example database
help rank
tree showing
space bounded
locating events
hinter dem
user manuals
possible world
north america
classified documents
media laboratory
sibling relation
also rank
chinese categories
reduce operations
increase recognition
erhard hinrichs
optional adjunct
axel biewer
metrics aev
generation output
unsupervised pattern
entire message
example used
relations correctly
practical performance
proper inclusion
third officer
meaning based
multidocument summarizer
possible aggregations
recognizer output
accords well
sequential selection
substantial efforts
negative features
reasonable hypothesis
know n
metonymic interpretations
6 languages
information overload
novel kernel
train information
auxiliary rules
score according
sequence relations
generated document
controlling rule
multiple servers
arbitrary subject
identify boundaries
obtenue par
pattern emerges
labeling ytop
rare cases
special set
haas indexical
lexical sets
every e
since text
customer reviews
nglish sentences
items need
phrases like
hierarchical shrinkage
step uses
num1 num2
distinct constituent
recall rather
feature schemata
unsupervised learners
remaining sentence
healthcare area
sentential formulas
count information
de combinaisons
numerous ways
gazdar 85
load supply
a10 a16a45a44
nodes correspond
good properties
annotation projects
world indices
late stage
intricate interactions
tamil text
particular rhetorical
diagonal sum
wsd techniques
fewer number
direct applications
semantic data
membership test
citation indexing
consider l
right position
representation using
recent findings
natural generalization
word fertilities
provide concrete
temporal markers
either lead
dynamic lexicon
parse according
session stack
validation policy
words frequently
retrievals using
time machine
oriented translation
dictionary format
automatic use
type sign
a2 texta3
text indicates
authors could
stage approach
steps necessary
phrase categories
cultural differences
name classification
operating characteristics
representative collection
n node
chosen link
correct terms
model except
context expressions
srs acquired
substantial data
terminology phrase
metafunctional domains
different metadata
agent roles
user informed
optimality theoretic
specific slots
fine classes
category set
pairs discovered
explanatory account
transformation applied
clause serves
chinese nlp
node using
simple test
59 sentences
phrase trees
technical knowledge
john broke
distribution method
temporally coherent
discourse corpora
main types
input constraint
john talks
tim probability
4 vs
tree simply
greater importance
existing thesaurus
comparison tool
results except
text parts
parser yields
tree analyses
text windows
new variant
two quality
cheng li
acquire rules
political entity
focus shift
quantitative evaluations
cmu seminar
grammatical tools
main techniques
vantage points
including anaphora
resources provide
another implication
slots may
related interpretations
purpose annotation
speaker gives
set operators
early papers
generation capabilities
lattices using
act type
important implications
operate efficiently
several modules
classes person
training samples
stepping stone
probabilistic relation
conditional perplexity
based tokenization
partial cognates
form shown
good descriptions
specified discourse
including vp
time evoked
counts used
include verb
stochastic japanese
noun module
software technology
two tone
np de
la lune
task efficacy
two tones
layout information
stopping rules
application interface
mechanism cannot
relations corresponding
collapse onto
identity relation
network grammar
2 test
longman lexicographers
combines finite
interpretation certainty
giving rise
published results
manager needs
retrieval status
feature means
phase transitions
date scheme
sized document
similarity estimation
incorrect hypotheses
switching system
satisfy x
coordinate pairs
larger constituents
intermediate locus
becomes evident
hirst 1995
initial direction
1 head
classifiers make
processing unrestricted
existing recognition
formal treatments
large role
building actions
better description
form prefix
operation costs
hypothesis would
ed words
lexicon database
selected noun
forward model
redwoods tree
different themes
spoken texts
removal algorithm
algorithmic procedure
approaches aim
triphone coverage
computational formalism
open roles
parallel hardware
tt topics
sample data
straight line
per item
x contains
wakari mashi
ihe following
lexicon used
atomic rules
final version
susanne treebank
tree serves
arguments de
guided search
extracted names
constructed examples
metathesaurus concept
current tag
perceptron classifier
german sentence
represent points
new category
features produces
token node
ud fi
default pair
increasing trend
always precedes
procedure continues
metrical line
modi ers
deductive process
case 1
general domain
wilks 1974
nlg architecture
morphological reconstruction
directed dialog
actually construct
speaker gender
tree transformation
semantic reference
6300 sentences
interaction keywords
mcdonald 1992
additional classes
conversational turn
language text
different argument
bidirectional parsing
useful language
efficient lexicon
rightmost attachment
evaluation software
bottom 10
structure fs
nodes higher
minimal deterministic
plural anaphor
systematic patterns
asr engine
attitude change
reasonable cost
medical history
draw pictures
particular strings
annotated input
transitive uses
source expression
steps within
selectional profiles
missing sense
students failed
november 2003
participial form
activity type
act ion
user successfully
quality elements
observed length
fuzzy matching
precision pia
based tasks
reference chains
parser produced
basic theoretical
level actions
definition says
form contains
church et
preposition attaches
generated database
extraction accuracy
people speak
associated attribute
feature contribution
means easy
que el
verb given
classifying web
work assumes
combines linguistic
speech translator
tdt system
one cell
environment rather
binomial distribution
rules suggest
syntactic view
meaningful way
substituted words
ixa group
second vowel
activities include
ingredient requirement
lexieal chains
matching algorithm
test subset
similar phonemes
paper differs
l used
use fairly
greenwich mean
current vocabulary
tuned parameters
recursive descent
noun preceding
prototypical implementation
pubmed user
machine time
sentence decomposition
additional complications
effort necessary
edge structure
sentential subject
term score
tag formalism
data demonstrate
applicability constraints
ichi tsujii
usual word
complete organization
individual templates
another application
numeric chinese
single plan
rapid rate
thank f
des constructions
complex phrase
following dialog
markov network
backgr set
human letters
bel h
five tests
rwth fsa
4 string
new genres
reference relationships
element nouns
easy application
novel algorithms
documents d1
parsing device
new teacher
rows indicate
much depends
experiment design
searching task
minimizing errors
xi assumes
grammatical classification
static resources
long dependency
additional filtering
identifying collocations
individual researchers
token frequencies
tools allow
term node
quality annotation
workshop would
distance information
way something
french newspaper
probable tag
model assumes
waiter gave
defines tile
special words
individuating reference
chinese machine
current modifier
rich descriptions
translation functions
tool developed
corner category
bilingual word
data table
time saving
newspaper archives
temporal proximity
semantics need
likely sequences
available verb
two trends
senses sl
pronouns used
cognitive sciences
abstract analysis
non c
empty rhs
particular pos
annotator 2
three constituent
speech events
stress markers
local organization
equivalence classes
express complex
number expressions
proposed entities
second principle
haben eine
good recall
parameters based
grammar augmented
simple device
theorem 4
lexical anchors
sentence based
possible attachments
handles sentences
factual faults
trainable rule
np vn
contain implicit
much future
stem forms
result presentation
important goals
alternating procedure
thematically bound
people try
old material
frequent classifier
earlier version
making modifications
clauses express
il peut
understanding may
morphemic representation
r representation
work tape
de textes
tile one
aus dem
tsim scores
korean phonological
test utterance
nonempty string
user whether
problem localization
design work
contrast two
role persistence
investigator award
corpora annotated
reports produced
excluding punctuation
negotiation dialogue
extended events
important phenomena
possible terminal
content annotation
sample queries
visual imagery
property name
track context
arbitrary programs
johns hopkins
physical targets
essential element
font llitjos
people sometimes
symmetric dirichlet
individual instances
final term
verb semantics
make speech
recognize complex
heuristics like
running system
action group
class version
getting information
positional variables
prosodic classification
verb faire
also supplies
beijing university
structure position
spontaneous spoken
ontological entries
term frequencies
xi xj
recall rate
synchronous dependency
variation relations
conceptual schemas
unlabeled trees
dictionaries must
egg vases
finding phrases
verb lp
possible algorithm
feature value
different phonetic
contains 80
data limitations
verb corresponding
structure output
precise values
character words
ckip lexicon
naive listeners
production chain
focus maximum
learner using
extract two
open tests
complete specification
part number
component taggers
best walk
splitting words
target part
projective tree
automated procedures
use full
return partial
entries may
sproat et
little variance
relations defined
2 demonstrate
n occurrences
carletta et
executable program
features refer
multiword verbs
possessive determiner
turn categories
primary structure
constraint mentioned
cas du
work still
corpus instance
systems one
alternative proof
translation direction
root words
grained tokenisation
simple clause
functional notation
le parse
dt training
digitized speech
count x
clinical questions
distribution associated
different lexicon
number ranging
data labeled
enormous potential
average rouge
whose rules
columbia university
larger goal
see schubert
visual slot
global variable
domain pair
distinguishing graphs
prior densities
written word
combined feature
expression directly
require complete
travelers checks
la correction
uses n
allow systems
former corresponds
definite yes
upper region
closest c
gram collocations
research suggests
realisation component
equal error
2 table
kathleen dahlgren
slight changes
rhetorical representation
delayed evaluation
language since
probabilistic models
common preference
passing conventions
f iff
italian soi
class based
programming table
decision based
additional states
experiments compared
1 furthermore
relation tuples
different voting
white house
missing transitions
systems command
patti price
svd strategy
inflection forms
true probability
upper models
like subject
canonical forms
define v
structure x
likelihood estimates
modality function
enrico motta
ga sotugyoo
topical words
coreference output
dialog interfaces
replacement process
lower results
readability assessment
standard production
rapid speaker
2 multiple
model still
previous corpus
last strategy
elementary matter
illegal sentences
property functions
worth noting
syn args
effort devoted
usable system
use statistics
default ordering
academic journals
noun suffix
list operations
original coding
work started
form accentuation
approaches often
trois types
chain must
holds information
better language
systems build
variables denoting
relation classification
sample generated
two anchor
consists solely
domain identification
bracket constraints
john threw
using random
candidates like
true segmentation
results still
head percolation
explicitly specifies
coherence structure
previous approach
often suffices
new perspective
larger cost
many abstract
coupled subsets
perform inferences
om corpora
nlp project
many potential
victor raskin
speakers signal
bilingual chunking
general ones
structural representation
algorithms usually
previous state
elimination rules
processing approaches
dictionary rules
idiom recognizer
based collocations
energy distribution
work later
proper pos
derivational affixation
west africa
outperform existing
inductive process
mnemonic value
x causes
acquisition framework
obvious limitations
common assumption
engineer replaced
token occurrences
action expressed
multiple candidates
source query
since data
name gazetteer
running words
criminal process
9 lists
lidia project
another vp
time given
goal state
tagger gives
tree called
values suggest
honorific attitudes
margin classifier
appropriate tl
single attribute
one morpheme
future analysis
particular contribution
generation capability
generic label
corresponding operation
correct mrs
church 1980
accepting path
frame definition
text hierarchy
directly compare
slot grammars
desired interpretation
morp parser
ontological model
whose referent
tracking mechanism
answer fragments
verb headed
converse paradigmatic
collocation matrix
hamming distance
external links
cognitive theory
continuous space
ilk group
six rows
manual entry
main strength
parent operation
tem using
2 byte
type used
core predicate
seamless integration
label dependencies
positions respectively
information requirements
sensitive grammars
possible ambiguities
market information
used subsets
beta distribution
correctly generate
four document
spanish newspaper
significant effect
phonological event
thomistic works
correct assignments
particular evaluation
attribute class
narrow coverage
major test
grained verb
technique proposed
technology conference
chen 91
infinitival clause
eac h
chinese chunk
one lesson
dimension may
every blue
sequences w
location marked
lists provided
positive arguing
labeled seed
process attempts
rapid porting
possible languages
text coding
dictionary like
c analysis
similarity thresholds
extraction technique
interrogative form
phonetic network
producing correct
topic domain
distinct output
similarities rather
events occurred
little importance
minimum level
different reason
standard ones
connected routes
useful summaries
sentence ends
richer representation
meyers 1994
driving task
compression ratio
lsa filtering
configurational constraints
range 1
surface symbol
user provide
legal text
cp node
complex terms
representative word
different stem
form l
network formed
aussi de
peripheral blood
repeated terms
wu 2003
wordnet relations
potential search
express two
object reading
qualitative model
focus boundary
verb contributes
time solution
100 randomly
framenet ii
column 2
e engineering
partial structures
malaysian language
bank grammars
produce utterances
algebraic technique
il veut
monolingual perspective
equivalence pair
automatic selective
four di
paraphrase probabilities
parts generated
frame includes
annotation may
grammars give
topic candidate
term occurrences
fly argl
considers sentences
bilingual example
patterns present
masculine inanimate
wordnet makes
japanese parser
ctra data
identity may
top item
dominant translation
take p
negative particle
medline corpus
possible parsings
toy grammars
pi denotes
cannot take
four experiments
discourse time
paraphrase corpora
module 1
nlp techniques
words n
considerable use
alignment errors
reductionist approach
noun p
communicative analysis
lines used
restarted utterances
equals one
der zweiten
first terminal
mouse action
terminal x
work necessary
broad spectrum
graceful degradation
individual coreference
structure formation
feature set
every person
extracted phrase
atomic elements
method instead
modify verbs
available hand
mit laboratory
appropriate rule
proper means
static splitting
recall error
cd clustering
term 7
file server
disambiguation problems
wnm scores
tur et
richard whitney
word 2466
algorithms employed
5 random
produce language
information task
comme dans
750 sentences
focus list
brown model
model derived
cette semaine
extract appropriate
fragment processing
process unbounded
scope availability
tipster evaluation
inference required
cover two
first algorithm
en el
level phonology
transaction costs
always co
nodes h
grammar go
dutch medical
interrogative categories
selection procedure
much theoretical
network link
direct generator
chat terms
advanced methods
month name
bill often
verb believe
radical system
mildly cs
results derived
parser required
language data
particular value
v would
one resource
traitement automatique
twentieth century
questioned element
error functions
two copies
reconnaissance des
ambiguity arises
transition state
distributive law
model b
purpose svm
picky algorithm
automatic estimation
times c
different company
analysis speed
processing overhead
first proposal
dependent representation
five user
possible function
window sizes
internal workings
n pi
directly influences
annotated rules
really matters
since queries
morphological type
subsequent interpretation
sample relative
generating candidates
expression including
discourse segment
unique candidate
extract protein
international sources
style dynamic
distributed corpus
current parsing
examined systems
important topics
results submitted
software library
semantic subcategorisation
single consonant
switchboard data
system satisfies
non seulement
contraction phase
incorrect tags
boolean conjunction
effect relationship
system taking
semantic atom
basic notation
robust analysis
develop technologies
system dictionary
thank david
x bind
larger parse
manner described
language combinations
term subsumption
given herein
output capabilities
sightseeing tour
yield two
right comer
lexicon probabilities
distributed approach
model size
current hypotheses
domain differences
functional content
used latent
schema lc
mathematical equations
last conjunct
prediction method
np bracketing
reasoning modules
file containing
strict word
underlying string
constructions might
answer matching
based sentence
matching phase
heuristic strategies
tree f
search performed
transition behavior
40 test
merging technique
structure representations
embedded nps
0 e
help linguists
outside probabilities
german thesaurus
last goal
looks like
learners must
ideal lenient
syntactic embedding
confidence value
two heuristics
common problems
see eg
retrieving collocations
areas including
use top
life corpora
displaying text
advisor system
quality achieved
based setting
achieving robustness
case letters
use features
sample settings
joint linear
maximisation algorithm
penn treebanks
wp identifier
original noun
use also
plausibility values
human plausibility
input dependency
per dictionary
answer times
shinyama et
tanev et
previous uses
processing software
american news
characteristic allows
work within
rebecca passonneau
williams et
combination type
set element
alternative derivation
sentence word
american printing
complex messages
grid g
frequency change
null bility
derivational information
sample semantic
declarative languages
directory writeable
statistical associations
whorf hypothesis
magnitude greater
word order
predication method
radical consonants
check success
constrained domain
deductive structure
nodes connected
k dimensions
terms following
average f
pragmatic grounds
typical subject
phrase near
a5 a0
previous day
tokenization would
active agents
comlex resource
special operator
dens un
induce grammars
calcul de
entity realized
expert database
fairly self
chunk size
syntactic matches
default lexicon
lm probabilities
primary response
available systems
attributive information
conversational level
maximum recall
extracts knowledge
features used
language projects
four principles
spurious predictions
classical speech
tone 12
basic knowa
object relations
useful models
english hypothesis
grammar suggests
aggregated information
entity label
hyperlink information
performing disambiguation
complex issues
initiating utterance
meaning model
english tenses
pleonastic pp
yield even
distinguishing repairs
dotted boxes
every training
acoustic similarity
new transformation
null key
additional difficulty
use across
hundred thousand
model within
linear measures
plsa model
sentences w
current world
easier texts
various answer
standard form
algorithm one
pairs learned
intervening non
retrieves sentences
mean across
certai n
parsing search
three output
el verbs
coreferential clusters
alternate hypotheses
resulting text
numerical codes
following components
tit v
explicit time
direct measure
sum beamformer
25 precision
weather reports
rt b
search tbr
lsi templates
25 years
similar positions
results within
rule 14
precise account
two analysis
phoneme symbols
either nil
development systems
help translators
planner performs
mainstream approaches
proposed context
rhetorical role
phonetic alignment
compound relation
adjacent phrases
colour variables
null date
better summaries
general categories
management strategies
frozen expressions
definition includes
parser maintains
dependency analyzer
detailed level
work devoted
regular form
language queries
returned documents
1988 ap
quick analysis
second inference
user using
preference 1
data previously
separate instances
overt subjects
standard italian
means 1
value constants
procedure found
unsupervised induction
tthis work
input instances
additional argument
speech record
simple search
output patterns
probability estimator
per passage
left periphery
first corresponds
corrected parse
czech morphology
participants take
best k
entailment con
abney understanding
major clause
associate responses
word dc
eagles work
compatibility tests
element name
subsequent pause
vanilla instantiation
computational analysis
systems group
area like
probability higher
word informativeness
srl model
correct word
representative example
intervention required
context becomes
relevant results
subject specific
reading errors
grows larger
augmented mdp
crossing lines
lcs verb
next time
probability parameter
mg system
tool provided
bottom level
group relation
learn extraction
new compositions
state information
inference pattern
overall ambiguity
parsing begins
rules looking
vincent left
testing hypotheses
4 viterbi
next speech
object might
5000 words
distinct representations
common ancestor
existing verb
lars ahrenberg
clustering processes
chains provide
fishing rod
texts consists
syntactic dependencies
leaves correspond
ne annotation
nmsu crl
tags representing
new usages
standard categories
specialized knowledge
likelihood measures
optimal structure
last syllables
particular set
target cfg
binary connectives
statistical tables
semantic equivalent
general nlp
agent believes
various machine
models make
like network
random choice
overall discourse
one pp
menu driven
iterative clustering
practical tools
tile notion
connect together
interpretation language
polytechnic artificial
extended discourse
28 aou
words strongly
strong word
inflected items
plot unit
fine phonetic
meet different
direct correlation
determining document
margaret thatcher
manual methods
matrix format
problem type
discovery algorithms
common cases
recognize protein
scoring guidelines
major limitations
base interface
syntactic disambiguation
within sentence
consonantal onsets
early phase
interesting result
entity associations
symbols occur
structures made
output representations
tile lack
first function
effect relation
contain appropriate
regular trees
marker occurrence
lin 1998
exponential tagger
generation branch
foreign policy
using touch
standard answers
almost nothing
selected seed
highest rating
durational densities
tag analysis
descriptions collected
syntactic part
important benefits
squares fit
boundary points
inherits properties
curious fact
unit clauses
great number
closure operation
ce r
horiz ratio
antepenultimate syllable
following pereira
successive values
character sequences
higher certainty
next segment
taught languages
language generated
specific condition
convertible debentures
work best
software program
allows domain
noise rate
english business
control framework
half years
distinguishing value
like expression
sentential alignment
monolingual knowledge
buckwalter analyzer
taxonomy provided
ace entities
grants ist
verbose conditions
problematic cases
use structural
standard nlp
conceptual meanings
pattern represents
parameter file
legal daughters
performance among
mit summit
j jr
decorated tree
000 document
triggered words
basic content
occurrence rate
empty input
true scalars
acoustic contrast
collection contain
multimodal reasoning
generate expectations
actual execution
recognition test
secondary microphones
produce summaries
simple pipeline
original purpose
structural index
precision points
answer documents
structure attached
focus values
linguistic assumptions
event stage
figures 3a
instances may
entities introduced
significant objects
type fst
syntactic code
conflicting features
subject topic
strict bottom
simple picture
ordinary speech
characterize spoken
bare minimum
einen mann
dependency analyzers
cannot result
right branch
shannon information
unlimited amount
collection time
methodological principles
complex term
domain lexicon
dna transposition
phonemes used
approach also
temporal connectives
including head
systems lack
model best
utterance pair
language exhibits
thus cause
working groups
answer two
system consults
patterns already
efficiently use
select another
complement types
case notation
grant nsf
unsuccessful attempts
parse networks
sinorama corpus
two baseline
change occurs
control statements
incorporates semantic
based answer
pronouns preferentially
final model
interface would
temporal reasoning
dialectal data
obtains better
labelling tasks
syntactic realizer
crouch et
right links
light et
collocation translations
one team
present discussion
reasonable way
generate particular
tag arcs
thai dictionary
type match
nodes 6
concept represented
permutation pi
multiple domains
lr state
continued development
precise identification
process details
test assumes
corpus associated
fast parsing
flat category
produced abstracts
reference information
procedures may
corpus volume
deletion error
ces de
conversational situations
initial location
unlabeled corpus
co task
expected arguments
models either
begun work
general multi
treat words
dutch spoken
specific expression
spurious slot
new template
label names
reference token
class entries
international cooperation
relative similarity
techniques designed
lexieal information
ldoce verb
hierarchies based
event reading
air temperature
hypermedia author
subtypes corresponding
expository purposes
legal combinations
management task
dictionary users
either analysis
interpolation algorithm
score reported
items covering
whose columns
example time
paradigm 1
distribution parameters
largest score
function po
parameters model
markable levels
phonetic variations
costly process
csp model
lexical requirements
dependence relations
sentence model
arrival time
referent determination
unsupervised information
easy integration
parsing result
2003 hlt
nianwen xue
noun partition
larger amounts
4 looks
intervals associated
trees along
important heuristic
english syllables
june 1989
unlabelled accuracy
empirical problem
reference work
phone conversations
wsj test
similarity list
application domain
number becomes
interaction parameters
competition model
general machine
interesting area
overlapping intervals
strings represent
context structures
church 1988
first traversal
tipster system
chat term
various positions
naturally produces
fernando pereira
english sample
logical model
call non
predicate change
np recognizer
surface realization
50 instances
polysemous adjectives
latter step
scores generated
system interfaces
particular study
frequency times
tst1 corpus
tile left
editable text
author curves
radio buttons
correct event
vector q
relation holding
pop p
basenp recognizer
target tokens
segmentation proposed
vector addition
class confusion
standard multi
stack contents
system involves
first phase
baseline reports
retrospective relation
alvey nl
aspect indicates
inference chains
miss america
evaluation indicates
similar solution
accuracy lower
recognized constituents
p holds
3000 sentences
central tenet
improvements achieved
induce decision
significant similarity
denise drank
every driver
predict correctly
contains k
best measure
terms constitute
every sequence
direct observation
des formes
synonym pairs
besides c
empty np
ne class
standardized framework
three representations
second coordinate
simple conditional
export format
additional properties
adaptation domains
story 1
multiple names
knowledge inference
g 12
fairy tales
probabilistic generative
chunk length
message ranking
et al
comparable documents
documents randomly
phrase medial
bidirectional phase
many times
production r
linguistic l
create one
advanced software
adopted plan
topic entity
standard machine
current algorithm
pairwise combination
data complex
english topic
measure performance
explicitly states
earlier model
pp mit
domain would
associated representation
overall complexity
system prompt
reduced n
interpretation relation
corpus drawn
expertise model
stress mark
biased samples
similar semantics
category discovery
1986 barbara
english parse
ensemble methods
statistical chinese
metonymic verb
quantity p
thirty years
short fragments
corresponding transducers
speech intents
adequate description
explicit mention
scores less
high term
phrase prepositions
summaries need
current proposal
much importance
native words
reduce actions
groups using
parsed tree
successive frames
achieves 60
combination according
organized way
feature index
lexicon contain
generalized rule
data achieves
texts constitute
telic feature
recognition device
distribution test
case runtime
target reading
penn wsj
additional reason
one union
html formatting
rational power
mani et
given sf
320 words
automata produced
subset relations
computer would
network containing
medical practitioners
phrases interact
produce models
transition must
phoneme accuracy
term descriptions
negative context
constraint r
capture cross
whose anchor
control training
remain implicit
section using
woods 1973
particular syntax
4 discusses
additional descriptions
take effect
segment context
dozen different
dalai et
b p
significant contexts
japanese system
change something
correlation coef
poor model
level classifiers
one parser
without lexicalization
imagine situations
life time
syntactic tagset
inferences required
modified k
total f
several decades
language semantic
10 miles
statistical hmm
best correlation
described situation
without difficulties
8 describes
inat ion
value produced
entire intermediate
saw louise
company x
five letters
probability sequence
chinese collocation
new operation
bigram marker
grammars extracted
structure immediately
points immediately
lake city
multiple problems
existential state
already encodes
agglutinating language
path correlation
wider variety
sl token
unique entity
based annotator
nous permet
like query
weak notion
recursive top
next mention
geoffrey leech
vectors representing
techniques become
since nouns
tree addresses
plan construction
third quarter
limited bilingual
fragment length
helpful behavior
event relations
since simple
dutch examples
four probabilities
resulting data
category hierarchies
tion tree
related verb
conjoined phrases
interpret pronouns
two examiners
pattern sets
default handling
chinese translations
false omissions
two difficulties
automatic segmenter
sentences covering
users employ
descriptions occurring
spatial motion
situated inference
syntactic consequence
language labels
new formulae
e count
server interface
compound may
six events
words go
final question
rare word
optimization algorithms
wrong corrections
help fill
test step
train acoustic
antecedent appears
nlqa systems
single mother
bilingual lexical
agreement score
normally uses
go term
structure annotated
feedback text
template facility
level communicative
chaining rules
language help
hardware environments
abstract group
computer company
external knowledge
token recall
six vowels
major search
assigned non
labeled points
object relatives
large intersection
systems performance
language may
based recognition
burial society
uses basic
graph elements
without correction
case content
level phonological
present tile
bill theme
using mt
good precision
event clustering
chinese cue
forms directly
node depends
pronouns occur
ranking list
accurate one
possible grammars
multiple units
de ditto
richer morphology
cue uses
reentrant ugs
speech interaction
analyst 2
porter stemming
subjects prefer
engine based
patterns depending
interesting results
figure i0
yes would
following segments
voorhees 2002
cut technique
different initializations
msr standard
semantic treatments
primary events
selection strategy
automatic translation
argument specification
standard ic
three dialogues
group may
processes corresponding
linguistic notions
phrase translations
specific query
variable slots
execution mechanism
certain distinctions
probable tags
la nouvelle
based counterpart
complex texts
main routine
frame provides
dot representing
structural identity
text authoring
first dialog
cb uniqueness
sized grammar
add c
slt system
rule description
toefl synonym
first grade
includes definite
segmentation quality
formal explanation
contains 3
include results
detail provided
sri recognizer
kristina toutanova
replacing words
one closest
mutual dependencies
noun denoting
formulation module
repeated word
proposed constituent
different non
ou expression
property instance
overall interaction
probability mass
link pp
particular role
default rule
random test
information embedded
filled template
possible futures
acquisition task
verbs must
constraint used
score becomes
japanese words
14 note
two markers
thomas 1991
expression tagger
bn1 9qh
learning sets
list becomes
procedure first
existing systems
using pointers
summary task
extracted term
formed utterances
xian j
dialogues contained
common terms
theoretical concepts
performance significantly
published numbers
classes per
term consists
green region
provides data
position using
another head
derivations must
unification algorithms
4 knowledge
mckeown sentence
theoretic complexity
syntactic equality
text preceding
purely content
lob corpora
grammar approximations
method consistently
multimodal user
hopfield model
effect may
function also
circus output
special member
powerful approach
different slots
models including
tagged sense
reducing search
retrieval method
weak classifier
one evaluation
still room
adjacent sentences
partially distribution
triggering rules
english story
character overlap
individual beliefs
60 pct
one option
part includes
abstract notion
target relations
internal sandhi
acoustic normalization
job descriptions
influential work
curation teams
times shown
data results
scripts used
phoneme comparison
language target
restricted set
user understood
test b
since chomsky
like noise
main areas
shift operator
links specified
object term
dimension n
changes affect
models appear
standard chunk
cnf formulas
pronoun p
user dialogue
concept also
level expectations
paper evaluates
cluster g
goal inference
natural communicative
semantic name
report performance
value lists
rate depends
whether word
theoretical aspects
remains relatively
recall suffers
automatic counts
illustrated documents
synonymy relationship
planning assistant
resulting queries
status relations
handle negative
matching degree
unl dictionary
hyphenator program
empty rules
subset approach
japanese syntax
existing search
towards providing
programs developed
distinguishing words
cosine distance
dcg parsing
200 classes
translation engines
collaborative development
represent rhetorical
191 words
modeling sentence
length calculation
april 2005
actual counts
single representation
dictionary exists
comparisons within
character feature
term computational
sense words
dialogue fragments
structural domains
reported accuracy
class question
filter module
eight questions
original wsj
singular dative
relation 3
segmented output
extract events
referential functions
paper includes
pair candidates
de faqon
john climbed
rom dictionary
parsing results
clause provides
alignment problem
text remains
indexing scheme
walked home
condition 5
internal evidence
physical transfer
text specification
prolog language
bss bic
mental attitude
single mechanism
idf formula
full evaluation
segment beginnings
normalized fl
net synonyms
derived ones
tag one
root feature
trivial aspects
search item
internal tipster
order word
apparent similarity
interpretation models
active indicative
partial sentence
word bilingual
technological development
digit string
named roles
parser receives
language equivalent
many places
data resulted
different proportions
left daughters
approach worked
case k
committee heads
semantic status
results imply
grammatical mistakes
aligned regions
turn defined
3 involves
german verb
different emphasis
ii treebank
x v
suppose v
restricted system
initial concept
verb applies
one value
rare event
currently support
avec un
currently salient
alternative accounts
repair strategy
coref object
length difference
encode lexically
critical moment
knowledge precondition
gjb2 genotype
cas des
web sites
precise phonetic
complex entries
lattice trigram
cases arise
subjects produce
highest clause
end system
conversion systems
type increment
iwslt 2005
december 1987
factor activity
including date
phrases provide
phase process
structure closely
material provided
langue clble
frequent classification
projection architecture
7 b
np chunkers
patient management
morphological operations
yasuda et
add anything
objects shown
je lui
cluster ck
treating words
combining module
dependency description
idiosyncratic gap
node named
pass control
form v
antonym pair
ne probability
unmarried man
2 results
mathematical structure
score combines
global strategy
pin 28
la synth
accuracy threshold
precise lexicon
object must
since proposition
lower language
major result
massive amount
8 male
objective sentences
initial expectations
uniform length
rigorous way
loss ratio
de chomsky
higher layers
weighting techniques
information produced
spontaneous dialogues
good compromise
algorithm builds
count number
column correspond
formal method
definition provides
tape recorder
people died
basic dictionary
product constraints
communicated proposition
since everything
recent trec
descriptive representation
thousand thousand
partial temporal
morphemes constitute
burnage 1990
30 questions
svd dimension
common issues
sets might
general solution
user interest
8 groups
hobbs gets
customer opinions
one percent
best use
represent strings
related inventions
agreements among
cannot deal
segmenting sentences
tree predicts
used sentences
dashed arrow
exical items
semantics probability
hippopotamus face
systems allow
assess inter
show promising
correction rules
called data
international dictionary
equality axioms
identical argument
certain subject
several characteristics
1500 words
adverbial modifiers
available products
kaplan 1982
typical error
phrase clusters
point corresponds
combination operations
attitude verbs
review classification
whose filler
target corpus
parse structures
cf parser
cote 1994
disambiguation based
condition associated
bidirectional grammars
nouns preceded
extracting n
learning framework
significance value
discourse processes
cases listed
sentence simplification
parallel architectures
reduction step
properties would
question key
form seems
prevent long
ordered word
prevent overfitting
41 words
questions included
good ability
graph ph
problematic issues
current phase
remove pattern
measure user
meteer 1990
provide acceptance
extensive evaluation
lexicon interface
analytical qa
ontology based
whose resolution
general semantics
rank among
topic positions
rank order
gram parameters
use confidence
polaroid words
social situations
generator builds
terminal substring
initial ranking
cantillation trees
target state
six month
modules performing
doe documents
grammar prior
highly time
academic writing
target side
short documents
rule language
first difference
per keyword
dependency constructions
predicate nominative
language independently
mean confidence
every grammatical
evidence combination
partial interpretations
sememe co
one implies
current implementations
formal restrictions
denote anything
confidence levels
reference manual
multiple sfcs
9th conference
hand would
nodes across
whole space
pseudo unification
brief look
e type
content using
matched brackets
see step
parse actions
subjective clues
row 6
x node
error location
weights could
measure 1
string errors
structural problems
end words
experience suggests
associated index
four articles
save money
principles include
complex model
ranking values
beta probabilities
relevant description
previous mucs
lr automaton
np movement
tasks like
insight regarding
synonymy relation
auxiliary inversion
real domain
linguistic generalisations
see later
lower numbers
noun objects
medline phrases
cases axe
eic strategy
modality identification
113 sentences
utterances become
lp nouns
elements must
regular behavior
selected points
implicit part
one processor
author abstracts
syntactic stage
tree sequence
required data
algorithm performance
phonetic cues
e tecnologia
relative rankings
underspecified verb
class cj
tile user
length limitation
predict cue
discourse cannot
one occasion
query tasks
target behavior
roles sequence
coherent one
removing duplicate
da silva
requested information
grammar g1
projective algorithm
correct character
also dominate
parentheses indicate
easy adaptation
raw break
designated attribute
subsumption relations
process entails
interpersonal relations
phrase governed
standard semantics
de si
simpler task
category cl
linguistic universals
case 3
du logiciel
action without
indirect route
simple markov
define recall
explicit transfer
overlapping structures
pairs rather
form node
consistency condition
driven rule
de proposition
sentence discussed
involves choosing
suffixes appear
upon completion
hour session
document hmm
containing items
relations identified
contain utterances
right place
quality assessments
tile 1
called reference
restricted syntax
discourse peg
server sends
closest translation
abbreviation matcher
recommender systems
main body
recognition search
dimensional approach
tense features
improve readability
see bunt
obtained training
related systems
structural units
feedback data
french word
cesta scientific
generic resource
ungrammatical analysis
three links
calling event
human needs
trend information
current functors
passage retrieval
generate test
simultaneous constructions
expanding vp
csas 3122
null ture
humans also
clauses must
one set
knowledge engineering
syntactic reading
utterance would
kay 1982
history feature
automated mt
vp vp
values greater
dummy root
another drawback
centering approach
similarity seems
eight features
temporal adjuncts
similarity classes
bistan egon
random derivation
produce alignments
proof communicative
corresponding morpheme
continuous output
georgila et
a2 a11
stack item
plausibly ascribe
uses simulated
structure influences
singleton list
detailed investigation
third session
four time
maximum precision
clarification question
maintains three
overall effort
compared systems
practice phase
precise linguistic
new plant
trigram predictions
paraphrases produced
define relationships
maximum expected
null tree
value returned
variant forms
second technique
second cluster
ti set
row denotes
wilcoxon matched
rule whose
conceptual classification
see walker
particle verb
adjectives per
diacritic markers
partial answer
features occur
way ambiguous
anybody else
set consisting
sentence determines
greek corpus
immature systems
author personality
links among
morphosyntactic feature
articles used
two processors
accuracy measurements
one fragment
tic analysis
paper addressed
slot would
incrementally builds
concept lists
changes may
l ill
study might
multiword elements
systems 1
phrases using
tags provide
nominative pronouns
head children
snow country
entre deux
ant method
corpus test
categories generally
noun similarity
similarity score
second column
english article
incremental description
parser available
list always
testing phase
global goal
factors associated
carl weir
government requirement
poesio 2000
algorithm exceeds
city council
unfamiliar uses
underlying knowledge
discussion centers
full set
compositional representation
evaluation subcorpus
production probabilities
dialog phase
likelihood probabilities
constituent objects
presentation modalities
three orders
lower penalty
takeover target
first degree
conjoined sentences
word ambiguities
memory size
evaluation mechanisms
enough sample
interrupt occurs
heuristics provide
using collocations
conjunction used
generalized edges
one system
summary statistics
trigram rules
assigns values
pearl 1988
combinational features
79 sentences
value calculated
un b
spoken document
limiting factor
che studia
classes produced
rst tool
avril 1995
best paths
current dialog
3 iterations
strong chain
probably require
revised system
standard uses
causal inference
multilingual knowledge
scoring guide
two schemas
population frequencies
adjacent nps
acquired frames
text automatic
previous source
important patterns
semantic actions
scoping ambiguities
another key
violation errors
base domain
projective languages
teacher revised
predicate structure
natural choice
consistency holds
sentences receiving
unification engine
structures since
appropriate circumstances
maria cl
twelve categories
exact phrases
morinaga et
functional annotations
30 features
primary discourse
completion rates
informal inspection
bins based
grammar modification
uses xml
environmental law
7 outlines
multiple terms
source f
frequency response
performance obtained
consistent within
lookup method
bloedorn 1999
flat template
word respectively
wayne state
input process
statistical computation
given permutation
static semantic
tracing facility
summary extract
normalised score
one writer
assign blame
fewer errors
useful strategy
prepositional subcategorization
extensive experimentation
word interpretation
uses constraint
pitch contour
cross recording
reference string
rules would
directional models
mode declarations
based tm
large collection
appropriate sub
paper addresses
oil tile
attributive readings
error reports
techniques apply
adding noise
dependent units
explicitly reason
results regarding
using expectation
relation c
provide descriptions
online discussion
name appears
complex question
tags one
full system
hard category
traditional dictionary
interpretation procedure
japanese sequences
litman 1996
insuf cient
traditional tree
impossible antecedents
directory named
relevant utterances
complicated structure
soviet union
decoder based
several characters
lscript0 regularization
general principle
marker lexicons
future performance
kept apart
patterns via
environment called
cannot undergo
simultaneous events
simply search
semantic variation
dynamic network
particular domains
platt 1999
marked pattern
relations seem
additional pragmatic
properties expressed
problem turns
style errors
horizontal axis
abstract meanings
web count
emerson 2000
13 languages
ir entries
product sense
vector derivation
analyzer outputs
convey explicit
negative information
push p
column provides
major results
3 terrorism
final distribution
smith improving
informative summary
syntactic relations
high bracketing
substantial variation
segmentation heuristics
matrix representing
computer maker
understood without
relation needs
every z
four senses
palo alto
recent attempt
count 2
verbs considered
readings would
equivalent meanings
basic order
two aspect
program phase
query already
syntactic considerations
discourse domain
preceding questions
null meaning
disjunctive type
negative consequences
maintain consistency
1 tag
word function
performance support
almost perfect
7 describes
elettrica fu
open item
extension rules
correlational grammar
cluster consists
relevant language
property associated
datr query
shows examples
whg paths
intuition tells
human writers
central research
minimum score
matrix calculation
murdered mr
improvements using
standard prepositions
parser work
hypothesis holds
spanish word
appropriate schema
instance base
research conducted
cranfield collection
learned templates
partitioning algorithm
java applications
last sense
english constraint
planning techniques
noisy version
recognition result
parse theories
theme role
synonym match
additional improvements
internal evaluations
template pair
closer examination
identify salient
defined language
equals 1
adjacent pairs
rules stated
mechanism uses
vowel pairs
language name
average task
collection containing
bootstrap sample
fas tree
human annotations
resulting target
computational aspect
typing context
neutral representation
lists include
approach presented
15 units
incorrect analysis
big end
parses selected
correct compounds
elements play
scoring candidate
start information
academic record
obvious connection
performance attained
training base
axie creation
user tries
four alternative
left unsolved
directional glr
business transactions
program treats
concatenation operators
crafts style
role labeler
lexicon compilation
accurate classifier
james h
adjacent paragraphs
additional slots
text characteristics
quarter ended
discourse participants
syntactical constraints
unique solution
four authors
exactly k
speaker shows
infinitive marker
food sense
event must
editing system
analyzer system
sequence ti
trade secret
representative element
present section
2 stands
one thinks
minimal domain
since prosodic
phrasal idioms
39 words
comparison using
summarization may
restriction rules
97 sentences
leaf words
particular facts
clause 6
morphonological rules
20k sentence
letter mapping
descriptions obtained
pronoun sich
left association
system enters
generate multiple
improve tile
neuro tagger
separating hyperplane
stochastic methods
tom sawyer
replace tag
using sentence
technology evaluation
human evaluations
cannot become
theorem follows
corpus demonstrate
r might
unambiguous sentences
different assessors
partial recognition
multiple messages
english web
including distance
roc curves
expression referring
statistical pp
look briefly
methods except
pour ne
likelihood bigram
layer contains
global topic
trees adjoined
capitalization features
connected regions
data become
perceptual experience
reference speaker
knowledge publishing
including punctuation
hidden backoff
stereo recordings
probabilistic topic
major resources
interpreted vp
broadcasting corporation
feasible parse
example 28
particular individual
towards generation
global parse
task command
human services
person p
cannot prove
network form
absolute proximity
keep things
monolingual chinese
prediction table
dialogue structure
approach requires
idea units
integrates syntax
much evidence
probabilistic parse
dependency configurations
form iii
practical measure
important capability
set j
dialogue tagging
irrelevant information
reasoning scheme
broad array
similar findings
000 articles
previous explanations
los controladores
best balance
reports work
fawcett 80
heuristics using
good alignment
larger subset
symbol add
contextual relationships
frequent content
null tag
recent message
anonymous ftp
robust performance
several qa
fair die
expression de
traditional meaning
clustered triphones
ongoing dialogue
contains annotations
stage produces
previous sentences
possible subcategorization
14 cases
language functions
single keystroke
prosodic annotations
minimized automata
cnf expression
various perspectives
specific cues
incremental language
verb cluster
star consortium
aggregation formula
explored methods
provides simple
relative contribution
class distribution
style japanese
properly evaluate
vary widely
implicit form
relations together
standard translations
affixation rules
possible segments
nc interpretation
specific scores
mmax 2
form natural
label based
fundamental ideas
heavenly body
metalanguage shall
intentional relation
full syntax
new section
corpora contained
traditional spelling
description occurs
changes frequently
peut pas
statement box
relative strength
common word
good summary
frequent item
solving strategies
particular problems
probabilities instead
example cannot
run race
discourse production
numerical evaluation
exponential model
reference nuggets
pos tagger
important aspects
fixed parameters
salient features
speaker intended
null introduction
wu zhao
class specialization
expert linguist
null among
overall probability
computer conferencing
better strategy
chosen descriptors
syntactic corpus
challenges faced
negatively affects
node belonging
explicit domain
pairs differ
assignment rules
table data
10 percent
1992 l
1 saw
linking patterns
34 words
values would
let v1
automatic wsd
english sense
basic methodological
distance 2
dependent phrase
scdg parser
query sentence
sense preference
target must
algebraic operations
exploring alternatives
overall segmentation
syntactic approach
n precision
a9 a11
good query
entailment recognition
set unit
bnf definition
much meaning
labeled break
evaluations reported
receive slightly
section show
problematic word
heavy emphasis
eat three
terms rather
test groups
striking result
syntactic side
additional distinctions
link set
position 0
many verbs
adjacent edge
exact source
used pairs
x g
express discourse
suppose g
data description
lexicon grows
paper provides
wrong data
valency pattern
indicator values
computational infrastructure
foreign word
catlett 1994
documents usually
new errors
system attempts
human tutor
scene description
score indicating
5 sentence
produce n
output specification
database wordnet
ocr process
sentence element
control equation
detailed quantitative
simpler problem
rules expressed
two year
structures found
estimation step
average kappa
sentiment polarity
relevant configurations
document break
tabular interpretation
allow utterances
tagging systems
mentioned referent
observed action
main units
sequential way
2 become
systemic features
existing resources
expansion rule
parameter g
tile tuples
environment includes
hierarchical nature
bayesian ensemble
maximal word
available text
use could
adaptive mixed
sensitive rule
parser written
il passe
including ne
logged queries
rules handling
based mining
study based
2 workstation
estimate used
good error
early experience
within verb
cases might
relevant relation
predictive capabilities
kpca model
informal experiments
people find
diagnostic results
syntactic behavior
highest conditional
user meant
form g
uses frequency
filtering judgments
set relevant
successful operation
distinct knowledge
probability features
tile classification
sets must
hierarchical order
subcategorization possibilities
frame problem
que notre
underspecification formalism
traditional tag
texts rather
interpretation gives
quotient property
extensional response
training sizes
professional translator
robust estimate
oriented architecture
call applications
sentence followed
two pre
defined relation
words prior
numerical value
linguistic score
next candidate
scoring ones
train statistical
high human
working tool
puerto rico
karttunen 1986
pair extractor
np filter
embedded speech
instance 1
different network
hpsg analyses
design knowledge
still lag
separate documents
da label
alternative response
mass terms
contrastive stress
conjunction reduction
direct projection
marginal sentences
token precision
fixed test
chacune des
bunsetu constituents
full understanding
arc noise
start position
50 times
lexical compiler
two connectives
linguistic filtering
spanish example
system function
link system
principle operations
main contributions
communication must
barton et
french conceptual
conjoined nps
que le
two tests
apresjan et
relevant allophones
movement toward
different conditioning
luperfoy 1988
propbank annotators
used yamcha
relation appears
discourse rela
lexicon cannot
grant iri90
art speech
evaluation module
possible diacritizations
structural terms
planner module
electronic form
focused interaction
training microphone
segment x
statistics given
detailed account
depth 0
free union
premiere phase
total mass
grammar typically
schemes used
usually occurs
merging operations
property q
tree represented
automatic score
computer interactive
depends upon
detrimental effect
foreign exchange
7 groups
nl engine
automatic frame
accurately reflect
initial test
following fields
relevant summaries
identified entities
method eliminates
training material
cyclic feature
individual pronouns
sampson 1995
unstressed syllables
others included
onomatopoeic words
tdt collection
two buffers
similarity judgements
free parser
trusted lexicon
c deg
go swimming
level general
reference mode
mit system
embedded segment
empirical methods
different expression
manual patterns
ae system
marche avec
binding mechanism
japanese newspaper
automatic filtering
adaptation based
french schwa
particular cases
associated problems
right label
yorktown heights
stylistic norm
similar effects
reports written
appendix lists
preference 3
conclusions drawn
based log
disambiguation example
produced word
called linear
tying scheme
almost infinite
similarity greater
sometimes force
arbitrary sets
es l
syntax would
called simple
system displayed
accurate estimate
verb entailment
primitive feature
conceptual content
evidence e
yield complete
qdie system
flexible ways
clustering criterion
winmine toolkit
order logics
h method
encounters problems
attachment point
continuation 1
phonological objects
final document
rank different
interword boundary
direct causes
processing mechanisms
block sequence
start x
local computation
compression problem
multiple segmentations
disambiguation model
explore strategies
femme rousse
unsupervised mode
sense hierarchies
concept space
given column
grammar handles
suggests completions
worth noticing
textual sequences
following performance
path contains
mechanism creates
large word
information presented
centroid article
number 5
removing stop
several objects
recognition results
structures generated
9 x
statistical parser
judged coherent
kuno 1965
jaime carbonell
state number
use heuristic
loco c
000 senses
claws tag
defining keywords
best level
preliminary diagnosis
en rant
special instructions
schema may
whole constituent
sources would
models chosen
transfer score
point difference
representational problems
performs signi
last subset
tree questions
black ring
mutual relations
xip grammar
similar lengths
pairs signed
line methods
file maintenance
sundial corpus
become features
parametric information
reduced dimension
fundamental research
approximate values
entre eux
factors underlying
relate specifically
tv today
nous allons
18th century
events need
phrase component
qiao yi
signature 1
search order
yields correct
allergic reaction
example domain
pronouns cannot
last summer
called equivalent
prime implicant
bnc model
discussion see
nlp domains
response per
sophisticated mt
supervised extension
knowledge items
extracted propositions
three place
left bracket
dictionaries used
alexander graham
first edition
examples 5
applying knowledge
coverage required
translation templates
methods still
parser fails
category assignments
interval operations
findings concerning
entire sentence
singleton classes
frequency events
audio information
original centering
auxiliary symbol
predicate constant
different ideas
actor slot
tile lemma
transcribed calls
something approaching
certain error
include language
common example
de ta
bfgs algorithm
antecedent list
worlds consistent
sense disambiguafion
voice quality
simpler features
macro arcs
separate structure
general inference
array speech
human learner
specified constraints
candidate corrections
physical form
lack adequate
info available
two meanings
actual frequencies
low vowels
directional alignments
head type
term subject
past information
range contextual
information requires
integrate two
additions would
20 juillet
speech sample
1 parsing
table generated
direct complement
one operator
unconstrained text
role type
smoothed language
function requires
28 seconds
quadruple g
common model
weighted averaging
base entity
synsets contain
correct characters
become involved
smoothing algorithm
representational units
note furthermore
total task
derivation may
corresponding parser
demand information
c 1
visual channel
short notice
words semantically
acceptable structures
active telepresence
documents known
si performance
automatic transcription
retrieval test
full access
fields must
phonological modeling
personal service
feature enables
words follow
noun types
j may
word highlighter
wsj documents
basic keyword
main phrase
fitness functions
difficult challenges
sense keys
query answer
frame features
achieve reliable
strings appear
skeletal analysis
task force
training sessions
genre hybridism
frame also
language augmented
evaluation remains
phonological similarity
selection constraints
represent many
culmination expression
problematic example
sanders et
list method
last utterance
based systems
testing samples
various symbols
noisy texts
digital world
three knowledge
level clause
generating term
overall sample
conditioning data
human tutors
usenet articles
new image
cieri et
task group
tools use
coordinate structures
past work
either pre
development since
superarv lms
data language
generation points
iterative reestimation
250 questions
approaches involving
questions rather
feature terms
task showed
morphographemic changes
boolean model
second type
improper elementary
sisterhead constraint
several similarity
bilingual speakers
grammars directly
de termes
hypotheses rather
standard inference
physical entity
application semantics
linear arrangement
western language
hebrew corpus
statistical weighting
extensional description
multidocument input
fertile area
analyses cannot
typical usages
uses dependency
positions adjacent
nuclear freeze
50 documents
good teacher
met yesterday
phone lattice
causative sentence
optional rules
evaluable path
semcor 1
muller et
alternative description
requires attention
interface without
quantitative differences
reference number
validation scheme
practical needs
inclusion would
sentence adverbial
process would
prepositional group
significance levels
word values
causal explanations
enough constraints
table stores
instructions regarding
properties hold
case appears
practical use
3 languages
medical informatics
existing nodes
current analysis
several speakers
uses fewer
educational use
annotating data
component actions
simple utterances
statistical evaluation
car navigation
john forgot
route planner
tion algorithm
use extra
punctuation errors
indicate semantic
discourse entity
p represents
include numbers
get significant
matched sentence
many thanks
recall higher
elementary saas
10 words
lexical entities
ptnt node
asking users
consonant inventory
four judges
earlier experiments
rainbow naive
treebank function
interesting phenomenon
interpretations based
true head
recorded utterances
clear difference
tu scio
order follower
denote situations
concept government
space f
grammatical level
model returns
45 words
authorities said
seman tic
combinations allowed
diab et
biggest challenge
atomic symbol
diverse topics
english subset
questions 4
ka n
english forms
phonological contexts
position depends
power macs
examples associated
individual verbs
class r
always signal
decision di
nearly correct
snor format
german lfg
interpretation strategy
default condition
another ne
adjunction constraints
biomedical ie
rcc network
syllable positions
dialog components
precision means
weak letters
instrument role
predecessor states
process linguistic
domain speci
operational user
official run
scoring categories
null parsing
class experiments
simple language
manual validation
question tree
similar accuracy
values varies
several contexts
evaluate three
fourth paper
key research
former group
approach identifies
infrequent verbs
ne sont
analysis one
highest results
row lists
planning demands
pos based
architecture development
methods derived
clustering solution
internet documents
figures 4
box represents
character coding
expert judges
syntax field
clause also
intensive analysis
several avenues
dcg formalism
clause comma
collocations must
p e
vp head
null hypotheses
events like
0 z
past years
ideal representation
dre technique
receive case
atlas back
grammar derivation
su 91a
used alongside
aspect operators
clinical information
criteria like
like f
savings instruments
top languages
constituent types
inequality holds
kurejitto kaado
interaction predications
inductive rules
expected result
belief values
model tags
nlp problems
answer discourse
limited degree
computers using
effort spent
supervised ml
translating spoken
initial clause
corpus previously
turney 2002
inferential machinery
candidate entailment
frequency axis
data whose
cross entropies
fact make
second improvement
satisfies condition
translate input
users input
affix stripping
confidence range
arrow property
multiple texts
u realizes
probable analysis
outperforms previously
c emotions
morphological structures
xerox parc
relation shown
dialogue technology
universal generalization
structure fl
chart method
2 language
first reduces
je la
clusters obtained
programming language
idiosyncratic property
timex type
tts performance
formal test
certain category
many hidden
prosodic level
bounding lcp
realization patterns
generated candidate
translation typically
object mentioned
gordon human
proper phrase
movie review
substituted word
structure construction
ambiguities occur
structures consist
associated phrase
goals associated
actual occurrences
selection constraint
english utterance
en informatique
problem becomes
relations covers
available data
menu interface
continue improving
various lengths
several minutes
czech texts
tokens containing
edge covering
additional layer
lexical co
automata induction
nested crossing
morphophonemic lowering
sense groupings
system improves
database templates
causative auxiliary
peter gave
static greedy
system details
target phrases
system dialog
unlabeled sentences
expressions except
team projects
better parse
generated automata
proposed porting
forms based
tree top
problem due
many input
group focused
maximum error
way ambiguity
tree features
improve overall
chunk tags
two user
define precision
tree also
precision evaluation
tgp problem
code sets
significantly change
training without
description b
within systems
subsequent linguistic
one preference
sub j
average delay
generation conference
frozen sentence
another property
structures help
alignment methods
special word
common question
a0 a61
inverted sentences
shorter segments
different research
members may
development data
discontinuous cps
find nouns
global constraints
segmentation using
animate noun
quantifier attaches
usenet newsgroup
script provided
prior parameter
every regular
categories associated
level robustness
semantic method
sequence r
7 presents
value vl
obligatory constituent
en linguistique
narrating frame
given point
irresolvable conflict
template would
structures first
certain genres
class used
beek et
access times
last child
require inferences
also imply
bunsetsu boundary
specialized constructs
a57a6a5 a26
9 vs
relation contains
previous paragraphs
entire answer
contract fcpo
global inferences
perform best
7 verbs
whose brother
detailed case
typing information
incremental selection
different streams
attaching action
x consists
et si
data configurations
traditional parsing
plan graphs
descriptive problems
possible disadvantage
structural zero
die hand
base machine
potentially contain
random results
short vowels
iterations required
deictic np
analysis using
method solves
experiments need
morphotactic constraints
smoothing function
participle forms
equation 15
linguistic case
10 percentage
set alarm
space described
interacting variables
category word
synonyms using
asr error
marked constituent
grammars including
linguistic engine
therefore yield
duration code
decisions regarding
acoustic matches
new focus
sighting messages
one assumption
roles across
syntax rule
hypertext generation
single tokens
independent system
full review
relation level
state 2
stacked classifiers
examples needed
lexical pattern
incorporate higher
de tsh
complexity depends
gospel according
rieger 1974
directed edges
categories often
ambiguity rate
alain colmerauer
intuition would
cannot handle
wsd approach
boundary value
content realization
conjugation form
different variations
explicit rejection
time point
partial verb
j clir
word guessing
among situations
example 8
thompson last
feature decomposition
particular terms
er using
two extensions
called adjoining
one call
scores assigned
acquired lexicon
also outperform
author decides
efd parser
seeing label
terminal label
tuples extracted
form consists
disambiguated version
line lexicons
entities may
single stage
preceding paragraph
heidom 1985
returns false
recent implementation
observation densities
crafted constraints
includes terms
benefits greatly
largest improvements
returns either
complex conjunctions
5 positions
correct assignment
parallelism relation
semantic restrictions
weaker constraint
induce non
grosz 1977a
reordering approaches
text objects
list associated
eagles recommendations
les probl
automatic case
adjectival nouns
used acknowledgments
existing text
concepts associated
specified sense
vme bus
used boolean
four cells
learning solutions
trees within
cannot affect
first finite
denotational anaphora
name translation
best translation
attribute depends
precision value
turkish morphological
knowledge type
tile content
second attempt
generating texts
every lawyer
customisation file
functional interpretation
minimal answer
actual case
look exactly
multiple entries
pattern per
processing module
like greek
results marked
domain restricted
classification depends
evaluating speech
development projects
specific sets
ltag tree
extended derivations
sdcn algorithm
particular fact
extract attributes
comma restoration
operative dialogue
tone contour
computer game
reference marker
automaton recognizing
unsegmented languages
verbal tense
restricted cases
semantic classifiers
feature based
backoff model
frequencies less
dynamic combination
many online
a27a29a28 a40
unary production
source sequence
language phonology
assumption means
single reading
free set
ary trees
vector spaces
equal mass
net handler
state knowledge
local parser
evaluate various
tag 1
genotype sentence
query expansion
provide common
breiman et
motivation comes
let f
million dollar
stream paradigm
sequence database
simple relation
appropriate measure
domain sub
numerous papers
planning mechanism
query via
g2p conversion
formal device
word correst
bad translations
concept leads
interactions using
second reference
inferential capacity
frame activation
board plan
system around
network approach
morphophonological rules
actions could
additional condition
individual events
considered deviant
observation holds
topical word
annotations representing
network state
transition pairs
whole output
fair campaign
last letter
application dependent
strong filter
ut metalanguage
informal experiment
speech preprocessors
performance difference
null matical
conflicting information
regularized representation
pcfg parser
nonconditional items
deleted node
left completion
users wanted
axe given
unit ui
based triggers
cases must
different functional
uniform format
free fragment
common inventory
main characteristic
concept could
following material
fiscal year
maintain two
allow semantic
surface tree
step 2b
generic system
independent words
one fold
labels along
categories needed
various locations
principal functor
dependent diabetes
uniform planning
organization id
output orthography
z u
occurring features
generated ones
e able
six steps
related nodes
dependent term
greater likelihood
3 suggest
denote individuals
detection system
eventually reaches
compaction algorithm
reference 2
two sessions
sac formation
unparsable input
ace 2002
candidate text
similar technique
information request
similar cluster
prostate cancer
task performance
primary schools
right siblings
extensive review
words typically
work investigates
predicate whose
valid alignments
semantic analysers
text similarity
marker indicates
hour time
obligatory information
scores differed
several studies
daily news
user pauses
structural regularities
cannot conclude
sentences along
predicates correspond
principal reasons
lisp form
clarification dialogs
value information
48 dialogues
original contexts
sample news
domain schema
extraneous forms
users need
use partial
interface applications
present problem
human interpretation
feature assignments
several variables
last week
independent codebooks
gr extraction
markov sequence
context parameters
entry given
weights attached
8 rules
exceptional instances
one notices
right hmm
strategies adopted
weighted rules
deduction method
symmetric version
common character
feminine plural
projet de
environment provides
good cues
optional elements
bare plural
low ambiguity
sound data
diacritization error
reflect word
spanish lexical
enter information
complete evaluation
chronological sequence
si 1
particular community
capture relevant
particular phone
multiple model
formula consisting
access documents
final fall
mt must
received attention
evidence oracle
third time
module works
system breaks
help identify
see moore
gibt es
use x
np a0
scoping decision
van di
comme des
data coming
semantic concept
transformation must
exhibit non
local weighting
dh dh
improved treatment
construction may
final reduction
anchor val
fragment rules
missing verbs
statistical system
concepts needed
features present
fades away
every pattern
fa specifications
core requirement
approximation may
lexical chains
full individual
lexicalized nouns
columbus avenue
kernel k
theorem 9
measure temperature
1 tags
plural feminine
380 messages
center strings
204 bridging
include models
spoken mandarin
characters within
federal government
web pages
us air
used brill
important practical
boundary set
phd dissertation
gradient techniques
muc conference
first group
useful way
integrates several
taxonomic classes
10 narratives
gazetteer information
fallout measures
primary strategy
traditional bilingual
motivated work
lexieal knowledge
mathematical discourse
terminates successfully
phrase pairs
relationship object
algorithms capable
terminology database
node satisfies
smoothed models
model ranks
align score
remaining nodes
test bitexts
boolean operators
assigned truth
parser extracts
shapiro 1979
thank dan
total coverage
empirical feature
lends support
multiple indices
shows possible
verbs refer
example categories
since june
crude way
two shapes
screen image
one shortcoming
parallel data
major language
lexical relationships
binary tree
month test
text divided
logic formalism
unsupervised knowledge
sentence reduction
different collections
mh algorithm
switching model
semantic expectations
research area
individual writing
existing metrics
procedure instance
contiguous units
function induction
gb memory
probability calculated
sentence correct
corrective model
multiple media
guest actors
new problem
annotated dialogue
correlate reliably
overall energy
window appears
known objects
attribute named
precision set
external resource
formal derivation
semantic influence
relevance annotation
primitive patterns
third segment
general accuracy
previous claims
extraction due
indented list
lexicalized pcfgs
dice coefficient
3 details
n cnj
seen events
english letter
null algorithm
data models
lexical context
positional relations
sequential dependency
subsequent rule
pronunciation information
final probabilities
language explanation
exponential distribution
xa ne
following informal
token alignment
previous korean
one member
dominates node
descriptive phrase
levantine arabic
enough frequency
ulf hermjakob
increasing functions
scene models
matching pre
freezing spray
following pseudo
name list
category model
entity set
metonymical patterns
relative index
bounded set
cross validation
spoken speech
nodes could
given lv
length array
h u
restricted range
adaptation model
collocation type
close context
free words
smadja et
expression operators
server machine
robust accurate
surface meaning
formed constituents
specific framework
semantic forensics
domain applications
np j
feature mod
scoring criterion
000 transfer
object nps
technology agency
trained hidden
discourse chunk
leaf feature
left direction
retrieve collocations
run tests
frequencies may
represent directly
lm pruning
positive scores
first field
maximum number
based lfg
glass door
long input
helps students
event sentences
unacceptable translation
cooperative expert
contributing factor
sorting algorithm
frame entry
shore messages
ascii symbols
current command
j gives
remains within
sentence simultaneously
mechanisms also
topics rather
denotes either
ta kookoo
structured descriptions
practical ir
parsing models
la voiture
producing trees
discriminative estimation
incremental procedure
summaries using
collective entities
distortion probability
speech trigram
particular presentation
excessive number
computer applications
right cell
apa corpus
among individuals
standard accuracy
new inputs
descriptor arrays
equivalence holds
event mentioned
word pair
large inventory
effective computation
among people
abstract measuring
1 corresponds
documents given
verb drink
local value
define adjacency
linguistic properties
correct contexts
categorization shell
vd models
ary productions
level ie
original hpsg
therefore suggests
person objects
computational tools
generalizing case
grammar fragments
many rules
information available
levi 1979
navigation task
assessing agreement
template rule
cognitive background
upcoming arguments
precision system
fact appear
four candidate
nonkernel items
biomedical resources
access structure
extended application
users like
inui et
posteriori probabilities
output resulting
feature convention
rules turned
basedata elements
transcribed question
plan evaluation
head sorting
running event
apply case
arabic translation
understanding conferences
term alignment
basic function
mt texts
measure 3
tile entire
use patterns
terms denote
simple voters
simple models
aspectual forms
base given
specific person
jibiki platform
certain analyses
especially words
solid foundation
another tag
measuring sentence
sentence scoping
insertion point
mechanisms involved
someone else
five iterations
indexing unit
regarding sentence
agents believe
entity system
distinct advantage
modified earley
paradigm allows
specific criteria
heuristic could
pair based
related text
tipster collection
work load
several types
high document
reduces memory
alignment could
possible performance
riloff 1996
machine uses
names e
four participants
complex database
different combination
word identification
new disjunct
arbitrary sequence
dutch organization
first meeting
roman catholic
several techniques
time ago
confidence based
arguments occur
prediction results
bracket groups
tile transition
fan yi
domain terminology
detailed descriptions
insurance companies
causal predicate
terminological extraction
several primitive
large character
immediate environment
skilled users
et cetera
corpus results
original plan
probability space
contributes greatly
treebank grammars
based cws
id grammar
token error
5 examines
closest case
document burstiness
without resort
prague school
alignment software
de travailler
estimated likelihood
ir measures
design reflect
core theories
linguistic descriptions
concordance program
message id
verb found
circles around
spin model
significant dependencies
essential part
text automatically
practice one
rules induced
two contents
specified forms
node meaning
whose expert
main term
small function
driven applications
foreseeable future
classify words
observation streams
gftherelin ranking
simple selection
running example
geometric description
two tuples
another restriction
expressions derived
dice measure
outperforms two
compositional reading
conventional rules
disambiguation scheme
one pci
semantic arguments
syntactic phrases
baum et
support parsing
one uniform
valency information
following tools
learning dutch
audio signal
statistic language
italics indicate
group inc
research workshop
term query
model quality
target component
3 values
global frequency
closely match
following respects
representational issues
every phoneme
various security
estimates could
discriminative learner
class probabilities
additional query
use representations
phonetic sequence
coverbal gesture
also pass
decision probabilities
erroneous candidates
kernels defined
low complexity
encodes whether
chinese trec
target sentences
two classification
action c
reordering examples
single binary
cannot bear
similar items
two letters
null tence
psycholinguistic experiment
schemas used
optional class
intended sense
larger b
parsing may
generic role
z test
since news
written grammar
binding domains
le petit
similar morphological
hindi data
physical records
research documents
verbmobil corpus
tile chart
literal expressions
connection graph
sample drawn
sentence a26
dual processor
feature word
disarmament negotiations
function information
corpus resulted
primary goal
left factoring
concordance tool
pronoun types
type usually
triliteral roots
performance analysis
cspace email
labelling systems
quality gap
text plan
surface order
short discourse
algebraic structures
help significantly
theory within
arc called
unstructured information
social differences
unsupervised statistical
mixed strategies
method uses
documents corresponding
remaining text
finite list
monolingual parser
generated answers
primitive concepts
characters length
prosodic boundary
continuing interest
larger process
possible scopings
sentence beginning
value x
nouns modified
index associated
multext project
computing word
tags 1
systems 3
every context
distance scrambling
axe defined
pi x
function syntactically
many variants
silly thing
major relation
persuaded mary
slot without
pattern produced
boundaries based
see gazdar
e status
creating test
augment wordnet
given data
usually describes
sense chosen
contiguous phrase
derived clusters
consonant followed
point one
abstract content
n mode
cooperative user
tile figure
network conditions
similar point
argue strongly
use negative
compositional phrase
intermediate result
significant increases
within lfg
impurity graph
les verbes
canonical input
n category
per decision
complete set
john told
essay data
theories differ
current finite
unlike p
natural result
document processor
search algorithm
important challenge
computer research
arc represents
learnability result
considerable differences
conflation set
splitting module
unified parse
analysis dialogue
whereas many
explore features
15 texts
three tables
representation permits
help parsing
involves unification
j n
object instantiation
specific training
whose realization
rules run
verbal input
stress regularity
sampling scheme
woz corpus
degeneration model
phrases alone
rule applicable
language reports
peter holland
paper also
denote values
development may
practical level
john loads
predicate variable
goal stack
hu die
state encodes
pos model
separate events
using verb
sentential parses
algorithms seem
semantic choice
conventional imagery
one speaks
system builders
lines 8
labeled set
acceptable sentence
internal details
proposes new
acquired rule
joint posterior
meaning unit
different english
considerable difficulty
alternation behavior
wall st
gram markov
fashion using
across documents
34 cases
usability evaluations
grammars perform
next chunk
candidate data
artificial system
np attachment
speaker change
canonical format
indirect reference
laboratory exercises
ahrens 2002
context vectors
xerox tagger
local set
differences exist
marginal improvement
multilingual environment
rte data
ambiguous lemma
sixth conference
idiomatic phrase
two bunsetsus
complement phrase
ii sindaco
tag classification
maximum depths
descriptive terms
grammar accounts
general technique
verb chaining
discourse semantics
antecedent pair
overall success
antonymy relations
estimated values
document set
arc e
local versus
concrete sense
agreement precision
complicated discourse
function fs
coordinate sentence
sequence probabilities
correction using
offers two
frame linking
improvement would
structural model
combined effect
assume e
joshi 1983
provid e
code l
zu reparieren
causative situation
subdialogue transitions
hand crafted
grammar achieves
concepts underlying
window shown
possible base
verbs used
generate appropriate
represent facts
significant body
phoneme chunks
directory tree
score graph
phoneme pronunciation
simple sum
word ordering
90 minutes
mbl model
whole dialogues
informal speech
associated term
different scores
original project
imbalanced class
classi er
additional noise
minimal solution
priority programme
german text
spelling help
word segments
discovery programs
joshi 1985
network must
font style
driven research
language news
question parsing
without recourse
last step
classes available
king value
representation involves
constructions used
cepstral differences
dictionaries contain
character preceding
given reference
various dimensions
performance degraded
cannot exclude
set matches
nod e
individual discourse
compacted grammar
document fragment
class svms
engine calculates
bake approach
communicator systems
represent individual
information expected
reading could
leftmost daughters
modi cand
adj structure
bilingual dictionaries
cell represents
chinese treebank
parse graph
generally corresponds
selective manual
unit b
entire interval
test period
potential alignments
output codes
added robustness
reliable processing
node involves
broader applicability
lecture processing
model representing
actual recall
plan processor
buckwalter stemmer
prepositional modifiers
standard technique
tipster modules
dahl et
states encode
national academy
sur lequel
machine translations
nuclear pitch
relation list
rule hypothesis
extra parameter
g given
numerical preference
judgment scores
interact project
name lookup
pp chunks
multiple recognizer
constraint cannot
narayanan et
video models
locational prepositions
two singleton
smallest category
john loaded
minimal semantics
ir r
twenty sentences
semantic modification
verbal ellipsis
xslt processing
biggest advantage
programs include
coreferring noun
recognition language
stochastic parts
prediction uncertainty
differing types
hypothesis e
differences reflected
times greater
thorough discussion
jie jing
true size
straightforward representation
time reference
determines message
performance baseline
monologue sentence
node connects
document system
retrieval result
hypothesis nes
total downstep
ir experiments
direct score
10 fold
term comes
complement relations
interpolation coefficients
john regrets
subsequent stages
correctly resolves
window contains
alias feature
predicts correctly
uttered words
preprocessing program
shallow path
missing input
temporary names
translation fragments
stop action
full range
use shallow
cases considered
since aristotle
nizinny sheepdog
visual combustion
free access
per pair
temporal nature
aligned pair
normalized value
subjects answered
brazilian savanna
ebl module
independent approaches
normal discourse
whose extensions
average co
remote sensing
ne extraction
university level
insecure flow
single version
lavrenko et
order objects
resultative state
n number
paths must
nouns describing
stargazers text
another merger
references must
deep generation
data interchange
features usually
make computer
action took
mann 1983
uller et
lattice size
relational level
three transducers
acceptable interpretations
temporal order
final grammar
approximate phonetic
dm contains
restrictions placed
bottom quasi
special character
various items
probabilistic dependency
primary topic
target vector
infinitive errors
used expressions
text attribute
previous message
english processing
school teacher
design provides
one strand
title field
extract specific
expected response
templates based
classical semantics
syntactic source
unigram frequencies
theorem 6
also annotate
maruyama et
indirect chaining
distance dependence
special operators
clusters representing
dialogue discourse
particular word
lower cost
different subtasks
sentence j
infrequent rules
includes texts
frequency ranges
arbitrary decisions
hierarchy structure
corpora extracted
good f
minimum bayes
plan fragment
mckeown 1993
basic details
tiffs approach
active arc
representations must
centre embedding
representing dependency
white plains
test rules
steedman 1996
single day
language concept
conversational rule
query vectors
common subtree
process generates
kang et
appositive phrase
label ti
midday sun
system assists
dependent model
subject b
immediate focus
transfer architecture
contained deletion
level results
unit within
location modifiers
many elements
hashing function
sentence grammar
entries typically
final time
corresponding methods
human grader
two complements
straightforward matter
simplex nps
set disambiguation
concise representation
rectangular matrix
summary could
explicit semantics
wilcoxon signed
morphological learning
similar thing
location 1
parser provided
armstrong et
feature model
positive indicators
v nl
path kernel
previous experiment
un format
common element
examples demonstrate
default formula
links representing
syntax plays
text types
embedded domain
logical grammar
object used
pair word
accuracy achieved
quick glance
plan system
parser looks
great problem
symbols given
pages 81
tempora l
design errors
tomita 84
local words
governor markup
nlp based
muc td
atr model
compression methods
help resolve
patterns tend
linear separator
creating multiple
since wordnet
earley generator
10 feature
several members
context ts
polarity value
search function
noise environment
rough sketch
computing model
original lattice
communicative content
excluding stopwords
stemmed form
gesture recognition
words xl
combination method
related data
test like
recognizing phrases
words change
tile whole
function x
identification algorithm
sense hierarchy
sidner 86
debugging environment
al 2003
character mappings
two official
grammar two
doubt freedom
corpora evaluation
schematic example
complete syntax
many annotation
memm models
american chapter
whether speakers
possible edges
optimal segmentation
counting procedure
sentence unit
higher goal
olsson et
wp grammar
process csci
phrase stack
relevant constituents
conjuncts must
acoustic tokens
30 adjectives
order similarity
research department
potential subjects
missing np
constraints rather
preference level
models remains
notes taken
derived symbols
similar type
one trigger
adverse effects
states according
factor 5
isa patterns
final segment
euclidean space
main drawbacks
2 procedure
elementary propositions
structure therefore
terminological adaptation
canonical mapping
tagging text
method creates
detection approaches
values estimated
vector technology
programming procedure
three subtypes
first base
concept x
possible modifiers
extract topic
pattern pi
recall statistics
representing instances
logical unit
adjective usage
current lack
oder numbers
suny buffalo
wall street
new activation
stylistic vocabulary
specific sequence
discourse principle
decoding stage
assign case
using log
constructive definition
arc described
vector vectorw
break predictor
maximal element
smt decoder
better sense
constraint solvers
marked indefinite
gidlp grammars
step random
categories appearing
single term
effective means
question answering
logical entailments
control relationships
differ signi
correct scope
relation specifies
abbreviated words
bar schemata
weighted class
nd relevant
grammar resulted
verb subcategorisation
definitions introduced
notre dictionnaire
7 rules
harvard law
hangeul characters
rules recursively
management information
languages recognizable
represent cases
layer states
32 bits
lecdoce examples
recall problem
contains values
correct grammar
based communication
deletion decisions
cause one
linguistiques et
intermediate results
kong speakers
defining clause
space requirements
korean language
word lexicon
case list
differs somewhat
ni x
default english
opinion words
al 2001
kopp et
corpora represent
four entity
training entropy
simple metric
built lexicon
valued orientation
across rows
learnability results
stw systems
features depending
speakers read
voted combination
similar rates
grammar even
sequence a0
split portions
possible criticism
interactive communication
adverbs like
column entry
system analyzed
previous iteration
earlier time
work exists
label vector
models predict
whether correct
variable called
common characters
poor grammar
taken note
main entries
integrated plan
tile use
general morphological
command allows
dictionary named
yomiuri shinbun
valued vectors
data outside
uniform formalism
translation area
remaining data
forces exerted
robust minimal
explanatory captions
four categories
characteristic properties
topic cluster
statistical approaches
precision levels
solution given
numerical problems
form stems
related projects
landing site
various styles
captures many
test risk
name classes
rasch modeling
acl conference
four trees
existing models
c k
plan tracking
linguistic realizations
class time
scores associated
rina encounters
decision time
hs list
symbols corresponding
discourse dependent
independent software
scf lexicon
intended utterance
recall coverage
2 kinds
greatest element
extrinsic evaluations
user dictionary
extension using
contains three
reasoning techniques
auxl advl
point group
example matrix
static location
wrong direction
generative hmm
comprehension assistant
noun candidates
margin estimation
inflection rules
modification rules
concepts appearing
tree requires
bit map
slash feature
2 explains
model exists
japanese word
3 tells
nouns 3
practical translation
many columns
complete understanding
arm system
idea similar
roles requires
algorithm figure
grammar structure
external evaluation
f comp
threshold l
qlf construct
allow functions
aligned segments
corner parsers
classifier uses
multiple threads
dual role
phone index
method leaves
overall predication
concordance line
clauses used
green lamp
design environment
syntactic component
incremental strategy
mao yi
size 50
effective evaluation
linguistics using
technical approaches
related queries
implicative constraints
technology policy
small values
specification defaults
since q
lexicographic evaluation
also speed
among frames
argumentative status
discriminative maximum
query log
dan flickinger
knowledge preconditions
good prediction
best score
extracting instances
value string
semantic test
government customers
label distribution
systems use
lexical information
wsj henceforth
virtual environments
expected description
best algorithms
tutor turns
module attempts
performance one
composition operations
use annotated
father explained
research concerned
operates within
hidden states
teru n
interregnum expressions
unification fails
length 1
way syntactic
separate program
empathy locus
one phone
path score
lexical token
new paragraph
greater freedom
becomes computationally
research directed
editing terms
empty symbol
russian verbs
locality assumption
nakanishi et
bigram features
precision curves
predictions could
realization module
approach outlined
every constituent
two content
using systems
design practices
deviates significantly
concept formation
bran boguraev
variable e
phrase according
kernel allows
also returns
vertical order
causative verb
based al
segment 2
similar efforts
task without
normalized system
master list
training discriminative
act detection
shared structures
include agent
menu listing
document understanding
including support
principles behind
specific requirements
path node
used random
including tags
alternative procedure
data gives
short ranges
generic call
lexical work
particular example
current tf
tests may
perform real
word stem
peter maria
hans karlgren
discourse cue
choose tile
standard predicate
score vectors
extracts words
different partitions
unit length
domains could
source features
like task
lcfr systems
german data
two item
statistical preference
word compounding
known techniques
yates et
bracketing constraints
spoken dialects
analysis cycles
example corresponding
five languages
peuvent se
retrieval results
lexical compound
project team
low et
word would
n iff
pioneer pc
free assumption
performance stability
form subject
particular model
alignment output
since u
e assigned
reduce search
marking prepositions
person attribute
among classes
next vowel
start synset
instance consider
ambiguities present
dp module
march 1989
distributed memory
framework offers
help support
incorrect user
phrase match
combining techniques
la nature
marking principle
edited corpus
also support
propositional representations
combining weights
commonsense psychology
entire history
preferred objects
1 know
defines feature
result instead
sentence instead
viterbi generator
old ship
high probabilities
initial tagging
two determiners
embedded ones
yin xing
insert empty
rules relating
productive morphological
saxon genitive
input ambiguity
arbitrary questions
greatest effect
compiler generates
predicative expressions
syntactic possibilities
argument evaluation
man x
average context
verb equivalent
ontology database
david j
communications systems
standard terminology
different indicators
evaluating mt
senses described
sources without
one decomposition
mark steedman
complex hierarchical
sample test
binning method
team name
cardinality information
limited field
transliteration problem
expect p
relevant goal
separate discourse
negative knowledge
higher parse
new entry
sentence basis
using mmr
dead ends
study explores
features get
inactive patterns
complex scenarios
act underlying
n let
generally improves
one collection
work addressing
unlikely readings
unified way
world domain
pron resolution
pair model
prefix verbs
l given
concept representations
dirt system
plum data
various type
phd student
single automaton
assigns non
grammatical classes
models p
variable f
based text
recall also
resolution algorithm
take note
current year
preceding vl
speech forms
integrated project
chosen sentences
shell script
application accuracy
boku wa
long line
french speakers
global multiclassifier
bianchi et
inde nite
fatma ahmet
query systems
speech spectra
missing rules
clarification meta
4 represent
intel 860
much predictive
words matching
language q
parallel fashion
word company
collins thesaurus
belief would
liberation front
current performance
assignment using
work successfully
bad sentences
analysis depends
winnow multiplicative
sentence xi
cohesive transition
problem 5
john believed
best transcription
independent feature
performs rather
optional runs
relational path
worst cases
significant contributions
individual elements
grammatical object
c 3
privative features
discretised data
approach developed
combined similarity
complete access
system behaves
counts corresponding
child could
candidate labels
anaphoric pronoun
given activity
including coordination
cohesion problems
und zwar
whose nucleus
accent assignment
symbolic expression
individual preferences
maschinelle sprachverarbeitung
current pre
absolute date
action shown
constraints inherent
domain scores
recent theories
video clip
corpus description
que de
greater difficulty
dev corpus
system reduces
arbitrary constants
sparcstation 1
military units
benchmark tests
sentence formed
trains91 corpus
dialogue interaction
likely realisation
tile prol
word tri
full collection
cases mentioned
potential constituents
successive refinement
show clear
establish reference
underlying problem
human decision
model successfully
chunk analysis
deterministic classifier
include n
empirical validation
anaphors include
thank bbn
compare systems
process gets
adjacency features
published reports
realization specification
eliminate unnecessary
argument value
graphs whose
worth pointing
similar reference
input rules
contains various
units 4
item corresponds
tandis que
pronouns correctly
equivalent evidence
language li
phonological representation
cmu textract
fact indicates
meet certain
name pair
individual annotation
est vrai
th polynomial
systems took
inner pattern
iterative ascent
independent factors
smoothed n
satisfaction definition
additional cues
textual modules
speech utterance
simple greedy
german queries
roc curve
every information
maximum definition
valuable results
health information
recognition models
class basis
larger groups
structures always
necessary mechanism
competing methods
statistical facts
spotting system
every token
phoenix suns
relation frames
formal results
approach lacks
graph theory
mihai surdeanu
identifying utterances
clear notion
clitic climbing
multilayer search
prosodic object
voyager direction
ed element
dependency parse
time warp
transformation component
program sees
function a1
ones would
500 training
case values
fare well
restricted word
proper model
structures assigned
notable exceptions
otherwise return
national guard
nodes bearing
lascarides 2003
isa hierarchy
black node
english null
4200 sentences
type expansion
problems since
une proposition
salient alternatives
slot unification
segments whose
japanese example
grammar designed
search facility
input like
strict agreement
important points
metaphorical description
action contains
van ess
usually verbs
juicy hamburger
planning units
relative phrase
phonemic discrimination
learns rules
lingual generation
atn arc
exactly counts
clustering accuracy
john sees
likely assignment
au malade
process whereby
noun morphology
order variables
simpler heuristic
se pose
cnj det
lexical universe
clause could
control commands
produces answers
analyses licensed
geometric models
correlation exists
every compound
identification phase
another objective
school bullying
biographical questions
x rather
question corresponds
misunderstandings due
weighted probability
happens frequently
right parser
incremental cost
candidate passages
trading house
various efforts
tagging data
one straight
problem associated
overall extraction
adjective hard
general type
biomedical language
pifi eva
different sets
standard trec
infrequent users
ilex system
3 segments
antecedent would
optimal window
alignment patterns
unsupervised incremental
relation seems
consuming part
particular question
prefix un
abductive reasoner
using lazy
representational model
parsing n
relation classes
distractor generation
rst schemas
respective slot
relationships cannot
test users
using weight
idf score
importance level
default specifications
stack list
qarla evaluation
jth feature
therefore look
notation x
tag k
ph dyn
good estimator
dyen et
unix workstations
variables instantiated
theta reanalysis
systems appears
represent terms
tense formation
comparative reconstruction
model baseline
negligible part
descriptive texts
summarizer would
sets r
plural agreement
traditional grammars
state dependence
world changes
cannot obtain
manual feedback
experiment measures
bus route
within text
form rather
missing slot
set trees
basic decision
annotation consistency
total space
safe side
noisy document
relation object
problem often
vector whose
boolean filter
resulting concept
senses mapped
unique items
np containing
relevant topic
good parameter
1 components
user interfaces
thesaurus wordnet
extraction method
typical task
document fusion
mbit drams
program builds
valuable resources
simple n
property denoted
complex grammar
appositional phrase
prevent tom
parser collects
relation score
final issue
randomly extract
tree could
generate utterances
procedure actually
recognition may
particle combinations
combinatoric explosion
algorithm needs
000 trees
standard type
clustered sentences
nodes inherit
computational machinery
relation frame
literature mining
categorial systems
variables might
good indicator
given address
unlabeled corpora
linguistic distinctions
planning stage
overall theory
constraints governing
presents additional
a19a27a26a16a20 a14
arbitrary features
preliminary set
via search
word handling
go home
john left
recognizing sentences
concept attached
orthogonal non
spanish speakers
present methods
pal expression
two transition
embedded entity
head becomes
correct link
expressions share
effort using
algorithm permits
semantic derivation
licensing relations
new phenomena
range concatenation
object captures
present opinions
dependent morphemes
different priorities
percent figures
actions planned
type given
possessive relationship
fixed dfsm
analogous fashion
sequential process
frequent interpretation
accent modeling
choisi de
following diagram
form 4
factor u
important advantage
white boxes
elements match
plan operator
instance c
priori likelihood
external system
verbal elements
output medium
sentiment annotation
generate language
low probability
density using
interface allows
new space
various darpa
strong link
25 oct
natural response
effective system
one exemplar
est le
underspecified relation
conceptual shift
neutral term
bracketed constituents
general improvement
utterance generator
initial response
nite state
shared tasks
np cannot
irrelevant template
constituents based
central notions
size set
mixed top
generator needs
selected candidates
argument set
agreement reached
koike et
distribution models
decomposition operations
epistemic matrix
boundary problems
individual attributes
suitable text
like equation
single confusion
statistical factors
label r
k classifiers
news photos
individual class
alignments produced
slight improvement
hard task
linguistic distances
example translations
identical category
segmentation alone
sequences derived
automated systems
occurrence statistics
pionier project
ms follows
8 baseline
simple constituents
strong agreement
show little
hersh et
st tasks
page 40
two chart
never warm
containing pointers
new orderings
corresponding feature
selection step
moreno et
sam e
corresponding examples
running sicstus
parser operation
noise problem
endocentric constructions
anything else
mention count
summary output
specific solutions
brief description
word rule
keep information
aligning sentences
errors within
le conseil
learning requires
traditional indexing
answer formulation
csr development
produce dependency
arguments cannot
final labeling
produce templates
surge package
sets used
finding domain
plausible analysis
best case
precision problems
finite mixture
year project
syntactic movement
special characters
conventional wisdom
hash code
case frames
new methods
reconciled version
following prolog
compact fashion
analysis alone
like questions
dictionary sources
direct perception
words selected
phrase termination
verb assigns
small animals
standard treebank
active role
needed edges
sample derivation
jones read
multiple document
processed documents
path case
improves efficiency
orientation detection
car speech
produce fewer
agreement error
positive training
salient position
production trees
monotone decreasing
process schema
many segmentation
total codelength
ground terms
unwanted meanings
termform recognition
involved multiple
luo et
message language
accomplish tasks
actual work
tag transition
split info
state h
merging method
form usable
bracket predictor
80 percent
third domain
programming strategy
art nlp
order weights
dans une
ct grammar
process recursively
provides expectations
rare senses
words even
english progressive
10 parts
agency news
mental state
nontrivial task
operator verb
marine forecasts
long et
observed dialogue
also treats
news messages
algorithms attempt
gold standards
point estimate
organizations found
remains significantly
program tests
john looked
grammar constant
dark grey
model provide
responses would
positional phrases
plus loin
positive feelings
present either
index table
criteria using
manual construction
directional constraint
une inflation
german relative
related passages
tree induction
hard decisions
transform x
domain specifications
analysis performed
level description
clear performance
third candidate
still lacks
insertion operations
related nouns
linguistic precision
results provide
match measure
system showed
meaningful rules
learning context
locutionary act
certain parameter
word carries
choice tree
different framework
particular character
pruning scheme
nodes attached
article makes
stainless steel
spatial configuration
ordering restrictions
formulating queries
different anchors
pembroke street
tree constituent
different summarization
fact possible
parsers reported
original representation
information nuggets
evaluation studies
based data
database structure
translation spotting
specific questions
logical view
user evaluations
activity verb
certain exceptions
one legitimate
forward manner
using ga
one neighbor
either modify
morphology system
barbara teaches
precision remained
approaches may
mean rms
right value
tile next
john lives
action causes
5k words
context involving
maximal similarity
les syst
distribution may
preliminary study
one word
lowest degree
structure parser
negative adverb
karaka assignment
knobs system
sentential features
input line
high time
interactive data
approaches first
monolingual methods
technical sublanguage
outside computer
transitional probability
string overlap
repair processing
parser encodes
stable performance
verbs occur
clustering technique
efficient training
problems found
distinct strings
abbreviation lists
similarity condition
summer institute
source particle
interaction may
additional specifications
translation technologies
uniform analysis
noisy parallel
future needs
based combinations
tides portal
successive approximation
sequences within
following measure
marks indicate
life translations
integrates word
felicity condition
c c
woman 2
ten samples
corpus whose
backtracking algorithm
probability output
constructions contain
future use
barbed wire
different statements
looks ahead
constructions occur
cognitive indexing
prune away
case frame
standard boolean
unrelated languages
parser includes
predict student
new equivalence
little difficulty
uniqueness claim
incorrect classification
error even
using lfg
selection process
lines corresponding
require processing
separate elements
hierarchical decision
kip may
boundary cases
table suggests
input elements
control information
different person
project gutenberg
mais ne
story 111
formalism based
47 tags
weapons program
design problem
forward centers
features given
message whose
4 words
occurs exactly
different criteria
linguistics course
physical act
output strings
nominal form
syntagmatic relation
conceptual interpretation
chinese chunks
operating characteristic
negative label
correct labeling
accuracy using
c needs
intuitionistic implicative
domain e
text representation
resolution treats
describing states
model one
treebank would
items within
topic type
copy text
thank elizabeth
slash indicates
row x
descriptive model
length limit
full word
several areas
adjunct structures
generated translations
greatest similarity
representation languages
crossing condition
general reference
technology community
opposite meaning
grammatical case
shortening rule
explanation content
graeme hirst
remaining target
directly access
condensation process
rule constraints
three formalisms
rete network
human judgements
results one
function links
similarities across
systems shown
good trade
earley paths
relevance assessments
multimodal situations
structure extracted
john hit
corpus desam
grows rapidly
unique thing
express constraints
il se
capitalization patterns
attachment direction
newest version
lexical relatedness
similar subcategorisation
system expressed
called concept
natural description
finite case
research whose
latter analysis
translations without
linkage must
template schema
initial description
input annotation
original study
judge agreement
error tagging
similar operations
anaphoricity determination
1 baseline
sentences derived
hundred divisions
alternative strategy
evaluation project
muc evaluation
main concern
collaborative agent
n includes
individual steps
maintain discourse
art machine
training took
communicative needs
world entity
concept links
actual subject
used structures
location gazetteer
de collng
classes differ
algorithm appears
phone units
nonempty words
mrs representation
relevance markings
morning flights
bridging dds
individual syntactic
tile level
occurrence features
since multiple
young children
types listed
assumed model
writer need
alphabet characters
sentence continuity
reference japanese
metrical tree
w refers
coverage rate
null arcs
since clause
train timetable
nadine grammar
new topics
primary sense
allophonic rules
optimum number
medium implication
dot notation
parsing cost
binding term
unigram recall
generalized backoff
biber et
les individus
discourse effects
based queries
nominal categories
bar syntax
call l
old node
experiment used
cristea et
unisys pundit
mutual cross
null starting
crucial elements
reliability measures
unique type
reliable conclusions
algorithm works
considerable improvements
good strategies
weaker beliefs
five values
knowledge becomes
work using
complete problems
computation based
a195 a92
three graphs
alternate microphone
multiple parallel
thank manfred
whose boundaries
different accents
dual problems
many runs
subsequent applications
constituent conjunction
fuel capacity
marker p
questions described
30 dialogues
generate summaries
training costs
phonetic transliteration
den boogaart
chosen predicate
eye gaze
semantic complexities
increasing volume
transducers directly
words spanning
distributed random
local newspaper
human interference
80 system
12 hours
progressive sampling
strategy approach
zweigenbaum et
taggers would
hesitant mood
lexicat parser
ai problems
w2 w3
asr transcript
like top
occurrence across
predication relation
representation function
japanese character
name lexicon
case exponential
cognitive components
phrasal concept
effective role
like features
arrive loc
another phase
closest common
two proposals
expressions peculiar
three coders
set relations
la morphosph
organizing information
html structure
calendar year
high attachment
features corresponding
interesting topic
zero degree
basic differences
un pr
instance appears
german target
building language
several lessons
markovian assumption
next discuss
unification mode
expressions recognized
basic segments
strategies within
span length
order instead
please show
r r
model using
earlier transfer
bateman et
term f
continuous hmm
variables based
different lemmas
deep reasoning
repeatedly selects
third ones
cluster analyses
world nlp
different training
links one
layer consists
resolution improves
arabic equivalents
a3 verb
form paraphrases
coverage lexicalized
problem detection
sentence containing
multimodal interpretation
grenoble university
binary function
nodes immediately
branching entropy
sense inventory
generator works
rule right
idiomatic entries
sized subsets
grams extracted
data sample
nt labels
reference back
several disambiguation
basis using
one event
average information
similar nouns
reasoning mechanism
results using
spelling variation
different endings
coreference evaluation
term definition
important insight
many generation
dialogue steps
large contexts
ultimate success
methods need
labels within
given name
useful adjunct
second requirement
02 corpus
achieve signi
structure represent
another action
initiative conversational
translates english
4 percentage
per rule
single source
dictionary item
application point
operation 4
adj nn
outmost labeling
link ends
collocations used
generation system
examples involving
preferred scope
three strings
drug treatment
return value
preserving constraint
met een
small differences
ccg analyses
lexical string
rule constraint
temporal interpretation
level language
des lois
studies aimed
three thesauri
constrained type
generating database
small segments
sentences within
mention type
null ticular
subtree pair
phonological code
typical problem
role assigned
improved algorithm
optional application
100 dimensions
position among
preprocessing steps
left arguments
mathematical formulation
project system
heidolph et
separable verbs
occurring adjectives
w c
towards solving
l ag
category assignment
independent parts
lexical alphabet
sign languages
two strata
patterns since
coherent narrative
per minute
dependency constraints
cannot parse
generic terms
fewer examples
linguistic ability
documents tend
point 1
four uses
translation technology
considerable proportion
query made
experiments using
k shortest
partial text
derived items
many helpful
animate objects
ordered triple
correspondence across
constant c
advisory dialogs
word segmenters
representing beliefs
recovery methods
exponential time
item representing
argument role
systematic study
suitable data
cheap transitions
argument understanding
candidate name
semantics within
slot refers
vast space
bottom layer
di 1
reducing n
b directly
stenograph codes
signal discourse
description need
routing experiments
morphological paradigms
implementation techniques
industrial software
old states
taga co
candidate plans
certain countries
major constituents
problem graph
tanguy du
channel framework
traditional cosine
source pattern
derivation forests
regularization term
specialized lexicons
syntactic interdependencies
1 provide
features remain
research paper
constituent units
feature conjunctions
precision range
provide analyses
style feature
frame x
adverb corresponding
provide cues
local factors
document abstracts
mode provides
presented approaches
np changes
particular scheme
le format
maptask corpus
single propositions
tagging may
military messages
replacing p
database response
finer resolution
applied mathematics
interrupted discourse
current standards
written part
choice among
es dans
additional sets
generated clusters
john buy
intractable problem
typical inputs
class containing
bounded range
target corpora
fragments also
inflecting languages
collins publishers
languages one
based merging
make comparison
st sentence
whose treatment
von dem
path descriptions
single human
possible outcome
acl pp
words concerned
cases quite
sail labs
various advantages
fixed language
suboptimal search
auxiliary tree
decision processes
tags transition
contains 36
relevant way
english nominal
3 elaborates
nr lb
clause position
sequential structure
problems emerge
full example
relevant dimension
sentence jean
texttiling algorithm
subsequent research
expanding disjunctions
arbitrary regular
100 items
particle may
knowledge structures
a3 a55a60a59
au module
assumptions implicit
predicted number
computational use
level numbers
approach 2
quantifier assumption
usage within
conversational game
various operations
cos 0
two tie
specified length
body pattern
monolingual lexicons
usual manner
labeled cases
clauses occur
verbal syntactic
show improvement
defined way
effective access
customer feedback
used bootstrapping
relevance rank
generate complete
table method
utilizes information
intermediate language
results depend
subjects identified
meaningful elements
likelihood criterion
absolute property
similar fashion
usenet newsgroups
lead paragraphs
manually construct
finite lexicon
face dialogues
verb formations
c appears
nothing would
extra power
select paraphrases
john 1
structured network
incorporating word
relevant article
list comprises
semantic result
lfg semantics
je n
questions addressed
set corpus
a2 a3
six ways
developed speech
combine outputs
four principal
cantillation marks
performance exceeds
discrimination process
value 2
fundamental requirements
four prepositions
valid xml
complex issue
dialogue segmentation
structure implies
phrase par
extra features
1 pc
actual programs
following c
required arguments
h results
paper could
remarkable fact
n a2
identify certain
relevant inferences
kay 85
agglutinative nature
another formalism
noun phrase
defined methodology
class cannot
id axiom
distinguish good
decision cannot
disambiguate noun
elier un
resulting templates
dfsm generation
wordnet interface
formal description
grammar whose
large hpsg
massachusetts golf
2 topic
queries created
grammar optimization
column indicate
wideband spectrogram
link word
small increase
training progressed
precision computed
sentence embedding
preference kernel
extracting process
e associated
methods like
strategy uses
functional linguistic
relational nominals
every sort
stative event
memory limitation
predicting plausibility
character objects
notation developed
hope model
larger population
equivalence sets
prediction models
finance corpus
ed gold
description rules
a1 a1
nous obtiendrons
rates show
type xxx
x comes
particularly prone
tree position
achieve recall
grammatical properties
grammar writing
relation correlations
test whether
right words
time becomes
k u
main eventualities
careful treatment
proposal would
develop ways
disambiguation grammar
short sample
thomason et
lexicon associates
cognitive scientists
given direction
patwardhan et
graphics component
four conditions
tree output
recognition agent
mt r
version also
less parameters
virtual root
prefix rules
following use
like dates
minimum alignment
pronoun le
marked incorrect
mechanisms available
assigning case
conveying meaning
grammar library
chunking parser
v l
time due
npj agree
alone yields
builds directly
tree rooted
predicative structures
surface details
square bracket
result matches
categories introduced
students also
transfer programs
quality among
mt experiments
h au
abbreviation pattern
hierarchical ordering
de chacun
output value
every string
words apart
second semester
rhetorical move
accent types
present examples
procedural training
biological databases
speech processing
000 records
theoretical insights
typical features
accuracy decrease
beatrice santorini
optional roles
name repetition
variables de
japanese compounds
perfect matching
frame patterns
wc propose
brown tagset
represent word
processing studies
incremental way
precise specifications
generative parser
sample result
queries contained
various simple
left modification
pan corpus
eva haji
description like
internal linguistic
trec 2005
david traum
meaning changes
preposition p
different parses
problems may
best recall
topical objects
ken church
human would
code compiler
unique reference
potential fillers
relational object
news texts
information provided
techniques adopted
either c
path consists
third entity
lower frequency
lexical readings
grammatical descriptions
level relation
matching coefficient
systems improve
meta evaluation
level rise
context nodes
discriminating tokens
editor makes
spell checkers
english verbs
sophisticated systems
early unification
mechanical engineering
neighbor set
paper identifies
english tense
words delimited
implicit recovery
standard procedures
set th
tree x
cases used
brief paper
database technology
higher standard
acronym identification
make clear
instructional videos
retrieval scenario
structuring process
projective edges
sont susceptibles
multiple correct
one conceptual
composite words
entries selected
natural phenomenon
cohesion based
adnominal phrase
text index
new retrieval
content among
final candidate
small lexicon
structural principles
priority model
answer rank
called u
pragmatic overshoot
muc system
variational em
gram may
arbitrary co
john plays
translation counterparts
reasons mentioned
common grammar
classification involves
creating appropriate
structure fragment
regression value
many derivations
pt grammar
contexted unifier
absolutely ill
semantic divergences
pronoun det
generate novel
moens 1997
write permission
special contexts
either use
match anything
forseeable future
sequence cannot
concepts introduced
goh et
vieira 1998
tile maximum
goi hyou
closed feature
coherent whole
current classification
like lists
three evaluation
character similarity
upon failure
monday next
six cooking
likelihood given
proper distribution
constituent phrase
text materials
3 rule
architecture may
coreference set
long runs
frame representations
two annotations
arsing method
word cepts
prec rec
indicate particular
relevant constraint
pola grammar
new control
new specificity
answer sheet
noun clustering
separate steps
complete range
systems received
strings p
propagation algorithm
flexible parsing
finished processing
certain task
new examples
corresponding parts
form compatible
taking nouns
resolving pp
verbs subcategorize
bipartite matching
e pour
pattern information
sont bien
four subsets
production state
separate syntactic
www pages
minimum error
particular element
preference classes
sampling techniques
majority sense
case argument
correct matches
corresponding logic
structure system
voice user
cyc kb
input syntactic
one preceding
friendly environment
clause formation
core verb
short clauses
source context
major concerns
birthday present
directed transduction
starting symbol
simple basic
qwerty keyboard
handle sparse
abstract level
8 bits
returned web
money paid
patterns found
1 cycle
action specifies
supervised adaboost
lexical variant
graph size
thank bonnie
distribution gives
synonym expansion
suboptimal result
clause patterns
structures associated
system raises
corresponding portion
maximal scope
lexical aligner
default reentrancy
produce something
visual evidence
swadesh theory
one prefers
rouge measure
knowledge workers
oil pump
difficulty using
standard operations
two evaluations
verb always
also controls
np form
summarisation strategies
science magazine
resulting proof
instance contains
first bin
estimating p
fait de
better processing
evaluating machine
4 topics
ontological categories
iob2 representation
noun might
verbmobil prototype
markov chains
ltag grammars
goal structures
cox et
methodological principle
likelihood solution
vector w
express generalizations
eventual surface
place word
important resource
containing keywords
sentence part
normal defaults
semantic sorts
preference score
formed dependency
top rule
scha 1983
movement towards
annotation documents
pivot template
expression grammar
nominal chunk
character contexts
sentence bead
verbal passive
corpora including
higher frequency
strategies specified
x denote
contains linguistic
itai word
studies investigating
head dual
perspectivising elements
ing examples
assistance domain
constraint matrix
suggestions returned
coreference system
car drinks
logical part
arguments form
leftmost constituents
probably refer
common parlance
male nouns
easily process
additional criteria
strong opinion
small finite
l symbols
adding top
probabilities must
length k
adding features
flexibility allows
subject clitic
rightmost edge
expansion e
certain decisions
pairwise context
frequent frames
avoid problems
two works
initial codings
string kernels
last century
learning information
tree formation
speakers make
times newswire
several names
acid receptor
tile current
generalized earley
en question
washington dulles
user enters
individuals may
gradability labels
timeml annotation
phonetic pattern
complex transfer
tag annotations
semantic spaces
distinguishing characteristics
countability classes
entailing substitutability
mostow et
vp parent
correctly translate
whole label
first unification
daughter description
sculptures c
rate improves
occurrences per
potential way
independent modules
relation descriptions
started work
text increases
state bigrams
different requirements
operator applies
another difference
obtained precision
undefined value
generif sentence
6 c
die frage
generalization capacity
adaptation probabilities
satisfying truth
data led
output set
good solutions
lexeme mappings
correct dependencies
edit dis
condition relation
real communication
european languages
particular characters
called bag
cuts easily
sentence realizer
partial data
formal language
following paths
broad sound
ia5a6a4 ka5
definition patterns
dif culties
types might
one vehicle
found words
including titles
biggest value
scoring technique
grammar program
community within
information 2
adjective relation
structure words
structured query
information statistic
null sion
string indicates
separate probability
whole construction
including analysis
function 2
describing properties
person definite
null quency
standard expressions
assignment depends
compatibility values
italics added
coordinate systems
lexicalized concept
content creator
matrix notation
processing techniques
nlp axioms
contains numerous
using al
antecedent formulas
correct disambiguation
two regions
proper subtree
jules verne
graph distance
sentential co
dictionaries usually
integrate syntactic
overall size
maximal consonant
three percent
improves recognition
apple pie
building models
de symboles
frequent classes
shapiro 1982
parser provides
yields promising
termination clauses
trigram alone
information redundancy
semantic id
selected cases
monotonic fashion
un hombre
correct part
corley et
segmental positions
single vector
regular expressions
robust estimation
specialized sublanguage
realistic task
chacun de
technical concepts
two iterations
filter energies
reference problem
translation whose
written form
fonction de
patterns generated
tag appears
item analysis
mittal et
model dialogue
rules e
newswire srl
resulting coreference
semantic results
hierarchical lexicon
domain training
feature assignment
common senses
law 1
use gasoline
md encoders
agreement checks
seven models
tree representations
write grammars
difficult constructions
data formats
sufficient since
principle underlying
central node
text body
interesting way
mixture observation
best phrasal
entailment relationship
many bits
automatic alignment
one character
explicit comparison
transition bound
satisfactory answer
corresponding concepts
entry point
second expectation
things must
0 john
tile list
new testament
lexical synonymy
see http
average crossing
first k
text coherence
speech within
collegiate dictionary
treebank non
allows reference
brandeis university
large weights
remaining n
method gave
classifier predicates
paradigm seems
formalism similar
possible measure
bbn system
one suffix
level models
account directly
infer properties
adjacent phonemes
vowel phonemes
annotation structure
four clusters
hpsg parsers
made use
parser errors
upper structure
c contains
prior context
hebrew treebank
efforts required
errors occurring
rule forms
phonological units
additional training
documents together
last input
main di
sentential pattern
include arbitrary
e u
position papers
perplexity values
document terms
jump terminal
ungrounded exchange
user attempts
using text
introduce features
veenstra et
text onto
instruction manuals
systems incorporated
main experiments
project agency
a101 a69
summarisation task
proof whose
detailed error
distant context
search command
question analysis
produces translations
front door
differences arise
grammars discussed
synsets corresponding
un traitement
reflexive particle
expert clusters
many application
lexlcal item
isa p
alternating verbs
seed mapping
recognition hypothesis
figures 9
output options
referential structure
abstract situations
direct requests
automatic query
sometimes use
dirichlet prior
5 point
linguistic error
sets contain
surrounding terms
classical cluster
transliteration equivalence
sample documents
practical difficulty
architectural style
spatial inclusion
common basis
successful methods
play multiple
another limitation
cluster includes
dialogue window
x ii
natural meetings
manner outlined
uses hidden
historical context
targeted information
segmented strings
language fragments
sense partition
referent appears
word run
smaller value
applications without
actual query
length 3
terminal words
process english
computation model
fundamental equation
called test
low rank
later part
introduces errors
succession event
primordial soup
without doubt
frequency rank
advanced studies
absolute restriction
literal interpretations
number 11
distinct words
special variables
english population
59 vectors
creaky voice
fast classification
8 dialogue
sp uns
become almost
categorial functor
news media
whose meaning
scale tests
specific entities
12 illustrates
communicative level
9 errors
3 non
dative movement
standard implementation
arabic computational
human rule
word gets
occurring patterns
stcg rules
comparison among
data constraints
vp np
inherit features
denotational meaning
slower rate
automatic error
martin et
financial markets
conceptual frames
practical argument
several contributions
muri contract
visual interfaces
phrase structures
system derives
looking backward
world semantics
together sentences
english bitexts
produce single
languages lack
form ii
paris 7
q must
dominating head
arbitrary context
master lexicon
class belong
represent partially
dyna program
persistent knowledge
test using
coverage provided
puisque nous
earlier ones
da sequences
e actually
learn whether
good coverage
japanese characters
actual error
whose spelling
perfect tagging
length measure
universals found
language man
candidate destination
bombing event
bag generation
like co
criterion module
darts un
history contexts
relaxed version
tree a1
shin jiten
distinguished non
set must
better idea
traditional finite
word without
resulting derivation
perceptual evidence
second method
technique needs
fact remains
objective sentence
case would
clause attached
let pi
previous passes
patterns emerge
cooperative nature
describe parsing
57 words
noisy speech
query text
parsing methodology
class ones
main database
annotated tree
simple way
whole page
fast car
wise similarities
likelihood principle
groups obtained
subject ellipsis
000 translations
pos probabilities
forward approach
factors affect
seed rules
symbol strings
restrictions defined
required test
a102a104a103 particuliera105
ae module
models automatically
chunk mark
null vide
af xes
named function
deterministic turing
models m1
biber 1988
generation directly
integrates lexical
sr measures
different taxonomies
logical consequence
michael c
last np
hierarchical linguistic
poor ones
knowledge indicating
used sentence
possible mistakes
papers presented
model reasoning
notable features
obvious way
membership constraints
recall could
phonetic context
second learning
partially solves
text domains
faq files
sufficient data
ai community
conceptual classes
right sequences
phrase directory
subject np
producing sentences
man 2
multiple articles
ptb tag
three system
topics addressed
concatenated names
classes 2
response rate
one determines
front left
items occurring
improve spoken
constraint defined
yields high
denote non
next column
five segments
highest salience
english input
unparsed text
structural probabilities
framing process
contain fewer
form analyses
ucrel scheme
conexor oy
science domain
system plays
urdu grammar
preposition followed
general indexation
turn becomes
main principles
semantic analyzers
adjectival modification
fourth sense
phase using
meanings correlates
previous domain
considerable variability
segment japanese
one assertion
third criterion
inferred grammar
lexical likelihoods
collection sites
ne tag
literal answer
disjoint subtrees
frequent pair
last longer
final form
translation archive
parse nodes
full lexical
adjectives denote
trees representing
lexicon capable
n h
critical fragments
generic word
new output
bilingual german
becomes instantiated
x serves
low success
first menu
parser built
predict prosodic
expressions like
wrong choice
clarification subdialogues
discourse items
niveaux de
class 8
different grammatical
le cadre
questionnaire including
compatibility classes
ask questions
synchronous derivations
cumulative scores
nouns respectively
grammatical realizations
complete descriptive
extended ne
achieves improved
augmentation scheme
particular assignment
whose tag
although wordnet
exist among
patterns consist
relative model
frozen carbon
multiple grammar
stephen g
shallow linguistic
enhance retrieval
basic rule
special attribute
unit mapping
decisions using
pluralia tanta
definitions may
tzoukermann et
rel pro
external factors
porzel et
including subcategorization
expression formed
token sequence
first measure
whatever means
terms expressing
activity involving
mitamura et
module employs
operate directly
average string
theory proposed
whose nature
first appearance
chunking system
common agreement
fujii et
translation program
multitext grammars
free word
combined representation
sentence form
w contains
correct consequence
full detail
probabilistic chunker
many men
speaker wanted
linguistic category
study contain
4 feature
verb agree
4 examples
landing sites
ideal model
phonological phrase
many dialogue
space savings
rule maps
measure values
drops substantially
another analysis
contain instances
assisted translation
raw word
averaged perceptrons
null field
whose order
sentence strictly
final pitch
form transformation
avoids problems
three consonants
full assertion
retrieval models
training translation
move evaluation
logical form
generative system
good features
axiom may
program enhancement
constructions cannot
task allows
bill woods
tdt project
trial runs
appropriate score
plural form
discuss data
unigram precision
several phrase
third motivation
text flow
inside score
stress values
ceux qui
always attaches
vn class
much linguistic
specific pattern
translate differently
difficult optimization
limited inheritance
fi mu
2 summarizes
sites reported
importance score
4 indicate
understanding technology
instances selected
smaller set
dialogue box
structures actually
contain long
overall length
language area
1 classifier
action node
template scores
mental act
statistical word
overlapping nodes
parser goes
formatting commands
grammar frameworks
independent event
syntax allows
iv words
focus represents
hp 9000
text snippets
new capabilities
parallelism constraint
category check
category j
sentential context
evidence relationships
trace node
reliable predictor
v n1
daughter whose
ces deux
word sub
special techniques
paradigmatic description
appropriate node
compute sentence
document collection
let wi
valid instances
feature reduction
measures yield
three words
muc6 data
speaker takes
part defines
possible linkings
tree searches
date phrases
effective transducer
pairs also
ssd methodology
noun term
whose modifier
relevant subset
tile values
4 factors
types based
actual category
one scheme
review identification
relations specify
condition may
sense denoting
tested pin
par un
remains intact
especially word
category grammar
boundary identifier
similarity scores
precise criteria
incorporates two
current minimal
certain inputs
amities project
red roses
story pair
english np
final answers
prior existence
environment could
feature pregraphs
reviews include
unit rules
communicative situations
treebank material
adjective may
distance phenomena
initial statement
indexes documents
sources allows
undefined words
sound method
stronger form
help provide
improve retrieval
ambiguities remain
sinorama magazine
syntactic reordering
multimedia contents
confusion sets
speaker discourse
labels occurring
multiple relevant
representations used
usual depth
recall retrieval
lexical marker
root attribute
signed formula
simple xml
document presentation
promising approaches
occurring dialogues
subject mapping
evaluation study
e test
order matches
symbol means
binary decision
three codebooks
solid empirical
since documents
support one
extensive lexical
theoretical study
qui le
dependent probabilities
established context
procedure achieves
verbs present
single assessor
simple constraint
normalized terms
expectation value
request form
activation ratio
called multiple
important insights
internal non
selected terms
analyzer determines
defined ms
pairs involved
phrases come
system run
information ratio
korean graphemes
training counts
provides robustness
base taggers
predicate constraints
given instance
pairs across
account several
sentences occurring
constituent based
classify word
possible c
latter aspect
completed tasks
corpus gives
additional markup
tile three
possible antecedents
party discourse
rudimentary syntactic
obtain frequencies
train stations
trivial matter
quantitative measure
role associated
purely abbreviatory
ccg framework
several relations
car domain
referential pronouns
term h
entire text
tree replaces
character types
defined templates
two attachments
entity identifier
matching prefixes
strong bias
conjoined sentence
answers need
matching allows
abstract referents
framework given
ranking formula
characters representing
steps performed
np chunk
a2 np
b might
unit like
operations include
future lines
different things
visual worlds
hyponymy values
found either
system gets
bilingual clustering
unification operation
separate window
boundary word
2 pm
drama scheme
although q
fact p
tag level
problematic issue
describe different
best bow
strong form
choice algorithm
similar actions
experiments show
making use
accuracy depends
strings resulting
server communication
splitting techniques
tools would
transformed space
slot contains
format would
analysis dictionary
null teraction
per run
single document
multilingual lexicons
important means
level procedure
21st century
brill 1993
rich features
single session
daft der
explicit morphological
global threshold
filtering steps
data gathering
original contributions
verb accept
editor must
three responses
traditional notion
elicited data
various prosodic
gundel et
practical reason
generic event
candidate instance
system without
text units
corresponding noun
reduction using
unordered set
design methods
precision word
c translation
museum descriptions
interpretation process
1 year
refering expression
wrong conclusion
evoked entities
tf idf
object cannot
trigram lms
new patterns
partial semantic
formal models
lexical redundancy
1 mark
whereas previous
king kong
scenarios used
multiple senses
sfb 314
use chinese
using data
another baseline
variable z
phone calls
parse text
based name
dominance relation
methods achieved
passages containing
french correspondent
lookup relation
forward progression
8 bit
1 performance
structure related
constraints described
8 show
specifier feature
class categories
primary cause
knowledge learning
mode inputs
symbols together
entity word
theoretical syntax
viterbi translation
dubey et
concrete groups
display mechanism
component comprises
order dependencies
longman dictionary
multiple attachment
ambiguous situations
nuclearity interpretation
filtering strategy
relational lexicon
certain features
red riding
transliterated person
language workshop
trained trigram
extract potential
data shows
accuracy figures
systematic problems
interpolation coefficient
hypothesis produced
first define
common view
models exist
un contenu
relevance theory
le pr
classifier pairs
underlying software
like government
important contribution
100 idioms
satisfaction problem
using combinations
source information
approaches focused
structure approaches
field contains
speech transcriptions
whereas word
collocational constraints
sentence adds
technique works
de id
gaussian random
nil expression
like context
entity snapshots
exception list
additional requirements
incremental dependency
early use
task appears
tree annotated
mdl prior
work depends
con dence
base type
thematic analysis
language documents
lexical knowledge
bear pitch
sentence tokens
widespread use
use hmm
noun de
processing demands
available wordnet
either level
prices rose
tree branch
multiple alternative
human bodies
extra space
multilingual spoken
paradigm case
box 704
information processed
82 percent
known names
search field
chinese pinyin
speaker finds
help build
light parsing
root consonant
markers appear
important evaluation
contains non
level alignments
cardinality 2
field level
possible prefixes
projective inheritance
classifier predicate
experienced user
multiple authors
module would
handle words
bracketing b
natural interaction
command classes
natured language
precision curve
new representations
going shopping
detect long
se de
language two
uses rules
parallel news
multiple dictionaries
look alike
ary predicate
relations associated
depends mostly
recent verb
writing experts
20 words
quality obtained
position corresponds
group documents
two situations
using combinatory
ka process
mailing address
generation problems
usual approach
question one
projects agency
standard supervised
normal constraints
satisfactory solution
adjacent positions
stack would
candidate location
substantially reduces
solving dialogues
ranking scores
specific relationships
differ much
pure form
available prior
overlapping text
signatures algorithm
multiple modalities
something previously
korean syllables
indexing approach
less development
model depends
presentation component
maximum coverage
bilingual corpus
a1 a10
la difference
contains slots
version space
group two
following assumptions
word unigrams
basic non
boser et
approach leverages
elementary speech
mean square
based functions
words takes
across attributes
form called
database record
concept label
valid antecedent
restricted qa
mapping would
training file
pangloss system
one levin
bit like
80 abstracts
answer extraction
process e
icsi meeting
line construction
independent module
flat feature
operational interpretation
results depends
boy gave
base update
order increases
strong indications
bilingual approach
specific context
robust translation
infinite length
brown corpus
w l
building choices
focus sets
arc lists
rule occurs
tion 1
terminological definitions
achieve precision
proposed parser
larger elements
relations often
several binary
2 sense
moderate improvement
concurrent processes
ontology server
language analyzer
one element
referring plan
allows simple
accidental binding
reranking algorithm
velardi et
action occurrences
pronoun might
extract cause
v v
complex ones
expectation set
tokenization per
additional task
antecedent expression
translation complexity
800 sentences
discourse type
oxford university
novel task
nonempty intersection
significant source
following steedman
types de
independent agents
social research
source fs
west germanic
pattern string
web via
5 data
explicitly addresses
appropriate occurrences
np dominating
element whose
based generalization
theoretical understanding
determines sentence
suffix dictionary
person names
terminal sequences
1 estimate
accusative np
ellen prince
new participant
rules satisfy
original phrase
headword chains
unambiguous sentence
different versions
arbitrary constituent
papers report
language even
move set
literary work
wsd experiment
post hoc
application designer
differ markedly
small non
indirect method
visual world
mapping linguistic
assigned node
set phrases
linguistic distinction
associations obtained
appearance patterns
partial target
2 standard
x whenever
acyclic graph
using queries
unrestricted corpus
english rules
paste operations
2 shows
sentential pronoun
arguments correctly
represent lexical
tile various
collection pairs
correct tokens
boundary event
first c
seem desirable
indicate portions
moves toward
individual anaphora
game play
pausanian map
ga search
accurate interpretation
following transformations
x follows
estimate given
traditional tf
many varieties
mercer 1980
contracted forms
procedure resulted
grammatical distinctions
unch feature
similarities could
considerable research
formatting information
good lists
without product
last slot
referential description
symbolics lisp
removing stopwords
recognized input
gurevych et
compound structure
experimental program
natural kinds
ordinary predicate
algorithm specifies
test developers
v agr
12 months
ptb parsing
plausible meanings
curves indicate
5 days
size range
unified process
conversational english
example items
entity chunking
antecedent holds
plan hierarchy
two attempts
distinct approaches
tile object
za triple
subject slot
predicative auxiliary
previous sentence
bilingual proper
ideal human
thus facilitate
agent would
relation slots
languages allow
performance enhancement
test dialogue
two interpretation
whose rightmost
first needs
various actions
given method
people killed
surface segments
f1 results
works surprisingly
disjunctive composite
language structure
new capability
model utilizes
fourth utterance
elements present
hough transform
processed discourse
agglutinative languages
experiments consisted
first use
cases occur
clarification form
english like
et ont
tile frame
language tagging
possible paths
6 contains
achieves 97
chinese collocations
keyword feature
linguistic pragmatics
underlying feature
lexical template
million features
seven subjects
length 10
darpa workshop
document identifier
ocr correction
significant advances
check whether
written corpus
propositions rather
action subsumption
extracted candidate
efficiency considerations
industry billionaire
structural unit
clausal form
systems seems
obtained paraphrases
stylistic analysis
effect even
several proper
j occurs
lengths greater
methods successfully
foreign investment
random sample
pair probabilities
make reference
retrieval procedure
unannotated corpus
null plete
group structure
syntactic constituency
complete word
information shared
inhibitory links
significant human
without function
ended set
point k
output directly
bouma 1990
object domain
define h
preferred candidates
carter et
less weight
heterogeneous sources
new dialogues
correct reading
prior information
also talk
procedure stops
key objectives
computational interpretation
japanese speakers
two maximum
coded features
possible synsets
rbe must
lexicon together
sufficient semantic
tile decision
semantic description
one effect
x f
detection module
suppose f
work solely
ir domain
markers indicate
longest pattern
singular pronouns
models rely
combine individual
pairwise precision
textual qa
differences might
20 percentage
handle negotiation
new aspects
tricky task
analysis permits
row 2
predicates appear
verbmobil treebank
masculine plural
specified parent
approach include
acme inc
screen output
detailed analyses
composite feature
lowest performance
labeled word
unvoiced consonants
existing ltag
bei ihnen
structure including
features tend
gap degree
arguments corresponding
following preposition
indicate multiple
binding axioms
level gives
parameter f
v node
tentative reservation
copular sentences
interesting subset
grained wordnet
route instructions
manual pos
phrase already
devices available
linguistic analyses
several messages
author selects
language analyzers
linguistic cues
local word
source position
em procedure
time learning
wider sentential
appropriate case
que marie
additional functionality
annotation layers
recall decreases
word membership
whatever representation
verb associated
tailoring object
many ways
processing mechanism
form f
document word
sense similarity
work exploring
brown files
movement grammar
alternative sense
experiment compares
polysemy rules
translate every
postpositional words
historical information
another one
chicago purchasing
expected goal
third principle
meaning independent
research strategy
developmental biology
feature articles
higher density
1972 b
sentences located
speaker interaction
one configuration
information age
structures observed
terms also
largest training
knowledge often
segmentation involves
th word
asr features
pieried nim
clausal categories
model named
essential component
extended tag
goals whose
description resolution
method according
air controller
russell et
derive c
2004 task
major constraint
surrounding word
lists possible
acoustic vector
handle unrestricted
time restrictions
business environment
issues still
john nerbonne
insufficient contextual
many linguists
original tagger
next thing
complexity function
shack 160
involves three
inference problem
symbol set
lexicon items
region rl
mechanisms developed
feature j
general structures
dependent grammar
whilst retaining
frequency distributions
potential instances
ca expression
4 defines
greater variability
passive item
embedding level
1st position
1 deg
sentential constituent
noun entries
g since
sentence starts
level constitutes
party interaction
arbitrary information
tag translation
ambiguity problem
analysis involves
english slot
different objectives
msec differenced
require real
pattern extracts
suprasegmental features
entire data
representative corpus
complex form
combination results
relationships defined
3rd position
adds information
feature grammar
three curves
abbreviated word
systems combine
following lines
a17 a14
terms involved
data subset
syntactical rules
following translation
longer turns
unknown elements
data forms
clinical environment
aided human
video camera
stimulating discussions
associated probabilities
terms across
system applications
search paradigm
selbst hinein
section details
color adjectives
expression containing
collocational sense
hierarchical non
texts also
text clustering
possible projections
basic edges
opinion word
general actions
example 20
concentrate mainly
2005 nist
dependent time
edge distance
engineering technology
legal documents
three sequences
argument terms
l items
generated items
classification function
different allomorphs
possible terrorist
de facteurs
ternary relations
important set
four predicates
dependent speech
typed fss
kent cigarette
interacting proteins
predictive parser
skipping parser
sparcstation 10
patent claims
creating summaries
verbs usually
parallel wordnet
generalized lr
larger class
deux langues
van oirsouw
standard structures
anaphoral resolution
tagger like
ii development
empty tree
two individuals
bearing words
phonetic information
proof procedure
structural attachment
instruct move
bootstrapping experiment
number generated
semantic layers
p enumerates
text tagger
output buffer
les classes
window centered
role detection
automated data
actually performs
morphological resources
give results
model alone
future investigation
natural logarithm
extrinsic ordering
two referents
energy source
experiments exploring
answering tasks
food quality
different summarizers
tile pair
captures word
complex pitch
table table
informal semantics
symbol system
using mcnemar
three approaches
best compromise
flexible formalism
texts involved
french le
count feature
numbers indicating
work performed
prep c
terminological support
temporal ordering
list la0
b term
larger effort
300 word
texts across
occurrence heuristic
discuss first
text might
joint events
diesem grund
grefenstette 1998
avoid zero
english conversation
results alone
indicate otherwise
case slots
correct relations
every template
temporal segments
problem involving
occur equally
clear tendency
1 user
point 3
knowledge needed
complex categories
include instances
update lr
also limits
mccord 1990
evidence available
v 3sg
arc wi
expand domain
grammar covering
rambow et
contained puns
preposition contexts
allowing zero
tile global
attributes whose
studying language
task contains
a4 ia5a6a4
complex trees
syntactic interface
arabic stems
given concept
4 indicates
occurrence retrieval
following counts
primal form
known phrase
four sites
multimedia content
rule processing
gap analysis
topic becomes
extracted ones
segmented words
tile identification
include long
dedicated acknowledgements
matched data
correlation figures
reflexive pronoun
atr interpreting
strong relations
decision criterion
becomes large
verb arguments
discourse reference
berwick computational
ditransitive verbs
model performed
second situation
phrases respectively
enables fast
two list
coreference problems
another cycle
second actant
language technologies
figurative phrase
ou dans
using association
people understand
important system
structural basis
task level
structural modalities
previous answer
noun model
complex answers
language designed
carriage return
japanese hpsg
formal metalanguages
different encodings
transformational parser
rf estimator
ordinary type
system engages
text explicitly
phone indices
many surface
simple dependency
much non
mapping rule
many correspondence
singular verbs
oracle system
simple templates
glarf dependency
ldd reentrancies
analyser uses
final state
parent headword
linguistic experts
recover underlying
2 forms
mwe tool
integrating information
extraction result
performs adequately
comparison algorithm
method outperformed
manual evaluation
question group
20 narratives
lcd tablet
uncertain information
partitions according
3 sub
product pr
dangling preposition
operation called
matching prefix
complex nlp
lattice representing
demand computation
data oriented
containing verb
unstressed syllable
decomposition method
recent systems
sloan foundation
coarse level
document event
vowel deletion
stochastic modeling
problem results
candidate concept
passing among
card pair
complete example
sentence corpus
generative approaches
conceptual lexicon
fact effect
higher processing
harman 1993
rather delicate
bootstrapping iteration
several term
problem introduced
image region
watching movies
context may
modifier tree
iteratively estimate
groups around
markus dreyer
64 symbols
data aligned
state methods
additional comments
compositional principles
induced decision
quoted phrases
parameters approach
estimation using
semantic language
best fits
6 l
characterize system
complete model
development templates
sentential information
database interaction
paper introduces
thorny issue
svm output
25 topics
respective roles
reasonable probability
additional questions
task execution
second graph
sgml text
result state
following people
new programming
pairs returned
person phrase
problems lies
time associated
mathematical theory
algorithms generally
language response
research goal
jewelry chain
finite disjoint
labeled example
put constraints
makes sense
translation shortcuts
former contains
language concerned
essential ingredient
space available
also meets
always represent
expected parse
syntactic ill
arabic newswire
de couverture
die schwester
class nc
logical approach
match list
one assignment
list relation
using labels
age range
le hombre
journal training
gregory ward
mate workbench
multiple judges
overlap problem
data cards
dotted arrow
term statistics
paper wants
sublanguage class
reasoning might
detailed discussions
center word
token coverage
test show
fragment interpreter
basis tbr
erroneous chain
single fst
automatically identifies
basic tenet
extracts noun
fixed n
bridging description
currently supports
alignment points
identical sequence
noun bracketing
role theme
occur commonly
require input
results tbr
level constituents
five minute
determining accuracy
dab er
last columns
potential antecedent
rep resent
acoustic measures
linguistic discussions
reference phenomena
level strategy
high compression
assigned case
description generation
session data
research concerns
learning literature
short forms
verb choice
rate increase
words w
established information
microsoft input
understanding program
becomes true
tag list
ideas described
modules used
parse relation
th example
cation procedure
trees provide
creating models
called implicit
parser running
bleu uses
mrr scores
resulting documents
processing definite
autonomous systems
level belief
processing routine
questions also
coups de
hypernym tree
students could
analogical transfer
augmented parser
information include
pronunciation errors
rs type
particular grammar
related news
continuous system
realization schemata
database elements
sophisticated text
measure differences
expression matches
stressed syllables
abstract classes
ambiguity across
modal inputs
product class
rule derived
measuring text
available test
major challenges
one moves
relations underlying
using ocr
distance feature
normalized word
rater scores
49 sentences
report initial
selected word
perform worse
sets cannot
learning mode
stereotypical agent
input symbol
parameters th
whole computation
value fi
possible prefix
better discrimination
predicate forms
issues within
design feature
total orders
relative distribution
often relies
equivalent classes
first learns
automaton could
integrated phrase
plane geometry
unknown class
karen kukich
large raw
starting date
appropriate properties
whose terminal
types considered
formal generative
rule b
occur exactly
share price
recent development
special representation
requiring user
wsj article
wsd accuracies
use abbreviations
left area
classes correspond
control knowledge
section breaks
simulation research
finding clusters
common subtype
abstract object
implicit termination
refined concept
semantic literal
spatial representation
identification performance
distance entre
coreference cases
theory analysis
state equivalence
correct state
disjoint features
le traitement
differences based
candidates obtained
predictive value
e development
subcategorisation information
learned segmentation
chang word
pair grammar
explicit reference
labeled bracketing
4 tst3
special mechanism
ongoing dialog
generate parse
feature basis
argi examples
best network
spanish morphology
weighting measures
tile ordering
30 associations
space information
oriented strategies
semantic phenomenon
bigger data
particular unit
metonymic concept
short utterance
rewrite decoder
alternative forms
set component
null dure
original version
text messages
verb u
sortal predicates
common part
event domain
contextual boundness
understanding discourse
briefly sketched
current needs
inversion rule
baseline segmentation
reasoning approach
seemed promising
set sentences
olympic games
class matrix
blocked parse
projection problem
hypothetical situations
ontology taxonomy
7 show
extracted form
diagram may
general theories
current use
using nouns
training classes
instructional plan
cannot recognize
using target
levels simultaneously
word combination
called complex
epsilon rules
build decision
cluster centroid
also facilitate
brackets indicating
action descriptions
position around
unambiguous positions
famous example
semantic suppression
tree 2
answer key
artificial agents
expressive power
argument based
intermediate constituents
lube oil
woz experiment
repeat steps
unsupervised methods
unformatted text
new copy
simple substitution
correct behavior
block links
hajic et
book reviews
argument presentation
trees one
corresponding suffix
set mentioned
official score
items marked
200 training
appropriate descriptions
empty tag
dash et
international standards
level hypothesis
ordered trees
natural strategy
principled ways
reverse translation
rules describe
questions expecting
000 sentences
art accuracy
constituent bracketing
textual contexts
possible level
durational information
expressive features
also builds
ne tags
number may
like information
nakagawa et
serious side
passive chart
name expression
representation would
probability ratio
varies according
token features
gardent et
british airways
language technology
key entities
connected sub
elimination algorithm
note whether
dictionary algorithm
score less
applied systems
integrated platform
rightmost bunsetsu
discovery task
instance filtering
trained linguists
candidate arguments
character representation
let vl
question classifier
simultaneous processing
path expression
consistency requires
training score
representative term
ambiguous values
show experimentally
string remains
node would
clear correlation
initiative using
inferencing mechanism
individual distributions
person might
hai wakari
string specification
maintaining data
continuation classes
intensive use
extracted entity
uses class
first estimation
goal recognition
trials using
related concept
similar method
standard theories
correspondence information
lexicon covers
text version
draft version
st systems
compound verbs
hence provides
compound tense
error ranges
semantic configurations
retrieve text
shorter paths
classe des
svo language
require longer
resulting structure
analyser must
context bracket
glue analyses
nlu shell
lexicon update
functions according
transducer t1
combining binary
rosana algorithm
examples may
verb detection
lexicographer files
athematic auxiliary
hours per
0 iff
thus depends
contiguous spans
observations reported
primitive types
traversal strings
v g
knitted data
oracle reranking
topic variation
standard tasks
l since
hierarchy specific
additive model
look much
correlate highly
class corresponding
dans les
vocalic position
unification provides
questions produced
excludes many
sites agreed
source signal
output transducer
research topic
language description
selection rules
de description
formula must
selected entries
unary type
one similarity
present purpose
exact answer
functional schema
based phonology
organizing knowledge
model toolkit
associated grammar
object entity
focusing data
phenomena described
acceptable text
given choice
gapping response
comparative structures
graph structured
circumstantial information
specific information
markup tool
normal forms
genia treebank
control regime
methods using
family member
exponential form
central claim
modular components
variant generation
techniques within
navigation dialogues
human variability
volume 1
scores become
two values
related expectations
version control
disjunctive systems
external modules
prompt object
partial functions
soccer matches
b prime
important role
news document
weights arc
term features
extracted answers
generalized case
target domain
reference either
hardware support
knowledge underlying
also mark
answer yes
atn based
air conditioning
type fsts
genitive verbs
two hyperedges
novel features
experimental psychology
several texts
level goal
range restructuring
aphasic readers
another notion
k results
text based
new credit
rhetorical labeling
particular senses
test consisted
annotation program
unwarranted assumptions
tts synthesis
different entities
occasional use
nirenburg et
brighton bn1
much material
source string
original term
english class
corresponding p
associated time
detailed definition
finance reform
e result
example 23
possible proto
earley states
enough rules
base operations
competitive linking
cluster 6
progressive aspect
breck et
combines recall
similarity criteria
rate would
optimal size
particular attachment
certain goals
generation community
therefore become
optimization strategies
goal via
feature agreement
reason may
c classes
tomita 1985
linguistic definition
option may
also pre
certain confidence
groupes simples
naive physics
right parts
retrieval strategy
parts whose
english rendering
random way
extraction results
word english
combinatorial problems
form parameter
elliptical sentences
similar news
briefly report
num type
referential transparency
description using
classes include
another aspect
one gold
term across
simulated database
composite kernels
evaluation problems
generate basic
exchange format
four pairs
shanker 1992
possible thresholds
computing agreement
parser considers
relative prominence
theoretical problems
three member
second verb
instruction dialogue
grammars allowed
entire semantic
underlying patterns
japanese unit
language constructions
de constructions
automatic f
adjunction rules
index numbers
database attributes
extracted verbatim
bourigault et
sequence semantics
morpheme strings
phone recognizer
dynamically generates
restricted variables
situation sit
question mark
like mary
class uses
headword information
linking words
julia hockenmaier
sentences marked
randomly split
grammatical expression
f err
translation steps
affect pronoun
incremental processing
becomes easier
less uncertainty
large part
useful input
information beyond
a69 a15
categories may
predicate head
automatic definition
web mining
underlying logic
word scores
full keyboard
kitchen window
three factors
resource constraints
rst tree
pending list
certain space
horizontal distance
cost based
guessing module
larger passive
monologue text
learning perspective
selected example
head table
current turn
sequence corresponding
strict conditions
student advisor
constituency parse
algorithms agree
law 3
data except
possible compressions
best alignment
chinese thesaurus
phrases improves
depth difference
significant amount
medium size
single cb
mentioned property
actual definition
manual system
trivial problems
sense types
communication domain
tag values
distribution constraint
transitions entering
solution found
howard isomorphism
transitive verb
dialogue utterance
velardi 1988
private states
pairs manually
possible transformations
lie beyond
peace process
viterbi score
selected model
functional applications
contains sub
several drawbacks
main strengths
question pre
people also
parse selection
head clause
calculates similarities
data manager
first contains
wordnet cousin
eng texts
deterministic nature
semantic transparency
move directly
syntactic brackets
five stages
specified slot
alphabetic symbols
resolution performance
global predictions
whose function
nilsson 1971
code written
256 codes
japanese lus
information fi
calculate scores
different co
turn 5
homograph resolution
hence h
numerical characters
travel task
function fi
recent trend
dependent ontologies
np governed
positions l
systems cited
cross evaluation
contains precisely
large increases
null bined
tile lexicon
application becomes
continuous understanding
enron dataset
public use
graph format
a0 a18
a21 a3
effects like
weight adjustment
initial goal
benchmark evaluations
belief drs
voting procedure
approach effectively
add noise
first level
another classifier
get data
constraint predicates
basic multilingual
restriction dictionary
markov modelling
referential discourse
synchronous correspondence
slot a4
relevant beliefs
attribute grammars
anc documents
linking syntax
deverbal adjective
process l
supports queries
basic sub
logical conditions
also estimate
gaussier et
expanded queries
relations appearing
argument de
execution time
move onto
score may
inverse relation
mixed representations
inflection depends
john c
element w
competence models
formed structure
optimal distance
specified action
people involved
single meta
reported clause
secondary language
referential variable
concepts may
news database
possible causes
structured prediction
grammar specific
binding principles
final translations
observed evidence
program needs
language counterparts
inflectional analysis
ci models
performance figure
notion called
grammar books
hide something
tables provide
best query
input show
word refers
cost term
z w
language translator
begi bistan
dynamic context
contains ten
order relations
filter based
several entries
n sg
length thresholds
based explanation
liscombe et
program consults
boundness juncture
inheritance patterns
needs much
general heading
space x
interrogative sentence
uses syntactic
new start
perspective may
dietterich 1997
manual scanning
global rules
effective word
dictionary function
recal l
string p
information built
patterns yield
fodor 1978
parse may
frequently encounter
syntactic processes
probabilistic rules
directly model
require excessive
john needs
learner would
interactive explanation
class defined
recovery mechanisms
resources would
vpe acceptability
cognitive reality
history representation
goal situation
spectral graph
grammars consisting
small sub
words covering
w v
discusses possible
configuration c
original de
inexperienced authors
module generates
assignments would
egg problem
phrase recognition
perfect discourse
two frames
proper attachment
enables rapid
using libsvm
reliable heuristics
say e
sense division
different pattern
previous solution
measurement points
trost 1991
information connected
matches either
strategies proposed
example 2b
frequency key
ambiguous classes
sophisticated data
often end
history mechanism
best error
entailment direction
dialogue theory
morphotactic rules
lexical exceptions
utterance per
result must
sentence must
prolog workspace
informational goals
large cars
type since
de flexion
information acquired
middle position
structural transfer
measure would
rule describes
optional punctuation
one inside
main interface
spectral parameters
functional grounds
like x
correct hyponymy
different synonyms
lambda abstraction
note one
calder et
christian jacquemin
different learners
combinatory explosion
signal energy
cascaded parser
corporate knowledge
correct mr
two nominals
transformational system
kornai 1991
semantic models
ranking criteria
nodes removed
level topic
best automation
facial animation
zheng zai
hyperonym problem
original automaton
users select
information back
epps task
a94 a21
optimization task
ambiguous object
suggest corrections
r cannot
symbol sequences
identified errors
indexing phrases
terminal subgrammar
validation corpus
verb paradigms
level parse
comparisons performed
possible complement
et au
fourth step
ney 1999
speaker segmentation
remaining arguments
ib algorithm
various restrictions
thank dave
many key
explanation list
four taggers
phrasal analyzer
stochastic attribute
trigram tag
preference violation
tile stem
restricted grammar
le contenu
information goes
csli publications
predicate letter
common form
generated reference
highest relevance
maximum confidence
bilingual phrases
validation approach
phrases around
dialog turn
overall planning
order might
category matches
underlying concepts
augmented set
complex state
television screen
two classes
single time
making translation
filtering constraints
volitional use
best approximation
nested set
skipping words
provide solutions
useful predictor
a0 a11
argument word
grammar formulation
child label
henceforth c
class dependent
vocabulary used
structure indicates
visualization component
another year
bruce croft
incremental process
single speech
generic nlg
instigator role
6 hours
efficient context
lexicon according
base chunks
automatic prediction
radio call
start system
possible translation
one plan
line break
model m0
cloned states
new representational
initial syllables
one striking
perform dialogue
restrictions seem
better characterization
wrong result
transition given
chart may
new organization
right conjuncts
deep meaning
lower bounding
elixir gives
frame construction
multilingual capability
wordnet expansion
4 noun
neighboring regions
significant r
gapping constructions
another interest
existing instances
television cadena
initial sample
readable versions
specialized agents
muc community
cluster compatibility
time parameters
relation holds
schematic view
annotators marked
done non
character candidates
helpful answer
name variations
tdt3 data
original texts
collection pages
binary rule
tokens covered
multiple participants
principal intended
many sources
better input
elementary pieces
major impediment
frequent non
accessible entities
splitting candidates
recursive computation
variance addition
arbitrary string
henceforth use
four trec
preferred reading
probability tables
walk across
tile linguistic
nominal predicates
control tile
asr confidence
occurrence patterns
listener know
alex waibel
proposed methods
40 instances
outperforms existing
speech speed
support user
conquer strategy
prestored lcs
test performed
processes associated
singleton sets
term lists
described therein
nymble model
summarization technologies
data compared
set lab
stack controller
single segment
scenario b
view point
descriptive grammar
cut weight
state control
sar ontology
parseval f
overall objective
concerning time
show significant
internal research
little research
state feature
general method
a24 a4
answer within
negative words
seldom used
vowel systems
rules per
various communicative
kushmerick et
augmented system
forms containing
parent label
average ratio
ciaosenso wsd
two decision
concerning speech
segment words
perform differently
0ecial muc
expression form
separate distributions
combined phrase
paragraph levels
overall speed
least provide
back strategy
entropy maximization
statistical nlg
martha palmer
plan operators
initial topic
entailed verb
language whose
relative weighted
label changes
existing robust
residual errors
character index
discourse chunks
operating principles
training case
local lexical
e results
optimal length
complete detail
among research
bit ascii
user command
xg system
bmw driver
useful tool
spurious ambiguities
weighted levenshtein
phonetic string
line resource
early maximum
initial parse
state local
order approach
generation modules
15 dialects
direct dependents
money bag
collection procedures
language phenomenon
articles tend
sidner 1983
given test
constituent morphemes
tagger achieved
tag classes
clause label
general learning
language writing
contradicting information
chao 1968
une table
location referents
campus tonight
scholar system
william gates
dependency length
search without
including user
otherwise need
put forward
toni johnson
scheme adopted
n entry
current ir
academic groups
tomita parser
john took
used log
qlf constructs
standard sentence
pronoun model
work describing
et hi
match score
account word
definite determiners
tests conducted
paraphrases acquired
chunked sentence
small applications
readings per
event entity
sidner 1985
enough quality
feature cooccurrence
improper pcfgs
occurrence supporter
cases cannot
object positions
phonetic modelling
category disambiguation
linguistics microfiche
final clusters
lodhi et
type data
derived structures
using name
gaizauskas 2000
speech tags
contingent facts
informative examples
different chains
pairs could
iv 101
clause construction
set pairs
comparable size
whole evaluation
procedure whose
computational account
impressive number
repeated substrings
automatic summarization
1000 randomly
input consisted
contains seven
parallel multiple
variable context
squares regression
lled pauses
method reported
aggregate measures
special code
rst order
files containing
typical position
different phoneme
sequences representing
time test
data processing
algorithm employs
automated fashion
commands may
forms cannot
macro level
lisp procedures
following object
meet next
shift mechanism
verbs given
verticality requirement
line computation
first preposition
plus en
features since
said anything
typical output
identifier classifier
goalgetter system
scientific progress
evaluation platform
introduce extra
processing flow
discontinuous antecedents
verb table
emptiness problem
selon les
segmentation ambiguities
approximation process
generating candidate
use evaluation
vi prep
000 pairs
model describing
generate inferences
pushdown stack
realization options
standard learning
depth analysis
k stands
representation paradigm
following score
different relationships
head ig
soft clustering
v consists
narrative levels
following algorithms
initiative dialogue
multiple changes
interpretation conventions
distinct parts
daughter constituents
nps may
item 1
reverse values
dci wall
system refers
expression trees
cannot convey
slide show
phrase situation
finite approximation
mandatory karakas
guesses made
verbs correctly
derivation structure
p john
lexical errors
clearly room
negative responses
6 concludes
design patterns
oriented questions
decomposable mwes
one concerning
menu items
items representing
category code
two zones
textual unit
explanation facility
indicate two
dynamic core
input surface
moens et
information effectively
weekly reader
incorrect interpretation
function effectively
different context
cnn terrorism
classification decision
johnson 2001
source substring
grammatical variations
one project
constraints represented
original entries
tree fl
rapidly prototype
rank k
feature design
xia et
given flight
fail points
spot chased
frontier set
semantic shifts
capital market
des grammaires
textual entailments
developing efficient
analyses according
context generalization
markup elements
en en
mismatch since
information focus
speaker specific
probabilities used
first complement
useful rules
project aims
words segmentation
based news
speech mapping
perform reasoning
labelled training
reference examples
syntactic domain
points based
see mcshane
based classifiers
semantic frameworks
context n
deepest level
tree construction
transformed patterns
modified query
block 2
coherence among
wordclass tagging
definite singular
stochastic pos
spl notation
yield lower
additional particle
program works
triphone system
task specifies
important assumption
hold among
exact solution
sentences stating
particular view
noun distribution
extraposed constituent
boundary prominence
common tokens
resulting description
domain required
structural embedding
better predictor
markov orders
final inference
japanese tokenizer
vq codewords
preliminary model
set creation
valid structure
score metric
rgraph construction
core metrics
referent object
either object
purpose ontology
unsupervised feature
current prefix
new challenge
query name
unsupervised examples
smallest entry
identify antecedents
type reference
denotation function
iexical items
first translation
predicate cause
mh tfidf
knowledge mining
analysis attempts
type found
initial references
simple change
john works
rates among
rule rewriting
99 times
question 1
entity element
new seed
basic research
renewed attention
language informant
passing algorithm
cluster features
accurate identification
general phonological
target compression
domain entities
keys used
texts requires
cluster also
existing coreference
quality analysis
structures results
user multimodal
lehnert et
side language
expressions using
connect nodes
default learners
query completion
imaged object
john put
inheritance hierarchy
underlying cognitive
rating heuristics
tense morpheme
using generalization
represent correct
proposed approaches
research article
ong et
literary genres
mary brings
different modes
2 processing
bidirectional translation
argument model
absolute difference
intended action
objects called
include beliefs
axiom instance
intentional structure
linguistic parameter
discrimination net
verbs corresponding
analysis path
nicolov et
mount everest
leading sentences
powerful machine
la soci
extensive studies
branigan et
supervised adaptation
clusters k
diverse types
remko scha
revised grammar
bank account
logical inference
null lation
certain suffixes
cost width
data derived
polysemy resolution
coherent classes
activity models
acts according
causal situation
heterogeneous nature
order version
derivations corresponding
system c
using prosodic
ambiguity phenomena
summarization technology
noise morphs
identity elements
boundary characters
contextual features
nv n
grammatical functional
processing units
historical links
french corpus
one primitive
analyzes input
components analysis
expansion yields
values per
parsing failure
edit detector
meaningful ways
merging nodes
analysis function
thread summarization
le donne
orthographic conventions
ko et
current level
6 v
spectral vectors
adam lopez
single mention
likely reading
double column
data necessary
right neighbor
individual key
answer length
every section
use whatever
either combine
content determination
complex prepositions
second development
nonterminal ai
stress rule
cannot process
given eojeol
important facts
pragmatic category
a6 a8
potential payoff
based concept
computation reduction
full scope
cooking verbs
french side
investigating methods
parenthetical units
specific indefinite
j thus
lexical environment
smolensky 1993
phrase deletion
hyponym relationships
reduce constituents
chaining algorithm
times f
theoretical terms
rule illustrated
initial root
provide features
tag pair
full grammar
redundant attributes
directional verbs
ces crit
elaborate syntactic
semantic procedure
empire system
lingual dictionary
grained judgments
code string
lf alignment
interesting idea
simple single
panic mode
given table
normal density
single interface
disjunction may
10 minutes
models increases
like bleu
goal orientation
restrictive clause
inflectional markers
sentences representing
tile rule
theoretical bases
several suggestions
fluency correlation
bilingual human
intuitive understanding
downward movement
a23 a5
inference methods
serious drawbacks
varying conditions
45 minutes
small bin
complex conditions
rosch et
syntactic production
given multiple
typical patterns
points better
structure hierarchy
better predictions
several propositions
crucially relies
given clause
memory tools
subsumes every
soft behavior
performs fairly
operator may
morph types
h robot
handy tool
transcribed form
contiguous segment
based expectations
one consonant
three parts
basic unification
identical features
frequency within
tion 3
three windows
atn model
large mice
operator first
agreement statistics
translation window
phrase headed
parsing process
defined structure
users interacted
null ity
following correspondences
buchart parser
descriptions use
allow faster
number n
require users
several human
unpredictable order
shared resources
following illustrates
processing stage
e mota
frequency bands
text model
independent objects
hmm point
underlying mechanisms
questions presented
discovered clusters
participant role
structure coding
algorithm would
lower threshold
right paren
gathering phase
either precede
optimization problem
transformations may
words properly
word composed
continuation lexicon
tokens according
get help
annotated dialog
target answer
two shorter
important problems
sample interaction
structural part
english generation
previous history
instantiated grammar
ig algorithm
morphological relation
functional combination
phenomenon kb
approach incorporating
3 scores
approach tends
another user
simple process
words specific
igtree algorithm
high vowel
figures presented
distinguish semantic
model chart
admissible tree
message conveyed
thematic meanings
system allows
mt domain
nametag also
group meetings
new intention
better rules
complete subtree
questions cover
art taggers
agent gets
list gives
particular design
relationships identified
descriptors may
systems varies
language discourse
oriented features
verb take
dialogue simulation
primitive representation
empty terminal
numeric attribute
2 b
average age
digit indicates
order term
voting strategy
four distinct
karamanis et
topic keywords
paired substring
based ranking
initial concord
finite collections
conversion table
features found
given derivation
sense grouping
ref discourse
language variable
one selects
forms part
object corresponding
translation references
including tools
antecedent indicators
deal adequately
points de
following occurrences
similar underlying
generator would
comparable length
baseline trigram
refer specifically
technical progress
whose difference
specific string
performs well
editing techniques
utterance 7
main processes
use set
questions requires
constituent movement
closure construction
names written
4 scoring
time limitations
seeking dialogs
random subset
form 6
translingual information
two differences
tuning parameter
semantical features
relative reduction
local subtree
valued functions
bilingual component
corporate takeover
mediated primes
elementary ones
nouns would
open run
learned constraints
jung et
interface consists
produce discourse
commandtalk system
whole fragment
suffix function
dialog level
negra newspaper
bilingual sentences
wise comparison
arbitrary substring
tim notion
structures appropriate
lisp implementation
video processing
svm plus
correct phrases
reported result
unification problem
involved identifying
chinese verb
shieber 1986
interest would
segment operator
pages 61
new default
expected frequency
pair containing
identifies words
aud tile
brooklyn college
immediate purpose
produce flexible
independent modeling
kasami et
tokyo office
sort system
first file
sequence inference
working order
comparative method
th subtree
relevant analogy
categorial status
british tea
term goals
verb ig
parsing times
inheritance mechanisms
e stands
linear type
commonalities among
level ltag
sms text
issues regarding
speech action
document element
general thesaurus
clauses correctly
different informational
numeric weights
frame codes
multiple categories
rank correlation
french version
research fund
pattern includes
simple matching
evaluation issues
whole system
1 k
verbal roots
certain adjectives
third technique
third cluster
interesting book
spanish corpus
clustering tasks
local sahence
sri lankan
present indicative
place inside
theoretical issues
discourse status
w g
dependent candidate
nominal predicate
carroll generalized
multiple trees
sequential segmentation
logic theorem
higher threshold
knowledge search
word phonemization
th element
constraints also
x denotes
idiomatic senses
structural changes
base becomes
niveau de
bresnan 1981
method offers
directly determines
consider features
dynamic information
units per
surface material
g assigns
new feedback
a0 a8
interface architecture
relative probabilities
performance appears
original question
information provision
level inferences
help discriminate
darpa program
computational difficulty
research along
model satisfies
match case
probabilistic class
believes p
iii research
corpus shows
terms could
de formes
phrase appearing
use system
third column
normal processing
spanish side
effort involves
intended users
distinct modules
multiple answers
critical ambiguity
term space
identity class
grammar constraints
engine uses
control regimes
dev ex
component models
categories n
node generates
partial explanation
taken towards
syntactic elementary
methods show
manual review
positive information
simple ad
tai wan
student emotion
larger application
prepositional frames
processes underlying
method combines
order must
best analyses
l12 data
arcs made
approaches typically
maximal depth
jelinek 1997
deep parsing
contentful coordinating
constraints involved
successive versions
fixed dimension
sense representation
core relation
arguments identified
class symbols
important cases
constraints across
take quite
score functions
optional tag
relational network
noms de
reflexive closure
graph formalism
requiring minimal
potsdam commentary
implementation issues
character names
specific behaviour
provides language
odyssey research
matsubara et
metaphorical sense
five sub
structural ones
disambiguation approach
nested levels
following case
bird et
tile empty
task seems
features generated
connexor machinese
written component
score equal
ren min
speech prompts
fledged qa
tree transducers
rules 7
immediate dominance
james mcdougal
belle victoire
several possibilities
lund university
indirect anaphors
count noun
phrasal description
automatic parses
written sentences
domain consists
conversational implicatures
gradient vector
murder mr
queries directly
correction algorithm
component selection
similar test
slot case
much research
encoding information
3 reveals
agreement features
unannotated sentences
ci agent
synchrony network
systems included
clauses corresponding
produce richer
measure improvements
processing platform
symbolic features
words window
properties required
annotated grammars
objects described
bnc corpus
local effect
combines precision
induced rule
tractable dictionaries
solution si
whose degree
acceptance rate
major change
dialogue primitives
linguistic strategies
words helps
meaning component
underlying purpose
conditional word
localize dependencies
underspecified dependency
score improved
line means
coarse classes
evaluations less
memory limit
messages concerning
request act
flat start
personality traits
evaluation based
linguistic markup
se r
classifiers might
planner based
relational expression
raised np
redundancy removal
policy pair
ones described
antecedent sets
natural constraints
dialogue step
whole words
dsg formalism
efficient information
different constituent
current incomplete
one strength
gulf war
cognitive plausibility
using rewrite
branch point
6 illustrates
language statement
animacy information
proposed feature
common corpus
corpus frequency
tim left
affect bearing
n topics
tile non
type atom
ejv test
following ng
target positions
deterministic shift
link grammar
restricted view
speech quality
treatment presented
prepositional object
save time
recognition occurs
exact timing
french term
language complexity
weighted tree
domain relationships
agreement across
whose components
nice property
optional modifier
original propositions
indexed formulae
pp introduced
following argument
use words
involves constructing
monday night
corresponding objects
properly bound
common approach
object defined
preprocessing step
filled circles
sales tax
location frames
shared nodes
first investigation
either case
automatic markup
short distance
see lemma
control section
lasso solution
means restricted
level courses
component may
traditional unification
common state
predicate within
enron corpus
level constraint
current translation
legal daughter
morphological models
1 transition
unelided form
systems failed
interpretation takes
compute conditional
human english
authoring effort
reestimation formula
negative review
state patterns
good position
prepositional frame
stroke order
new label
original human
phrasal constructions
roles include
algorithm seeks
plane faces
sampling approach
ai r
previous systems
within wordnet
t2 e
specific readings
multimodal interactive
overall quality
subj verb
implementation based
news articles
remove words
permutation space
good output
question classification
naive model
rouge score
minimal prosodic
right extraposition
views expressed
recent text
semantic gender
1st place
generating answers
test item
extended formalism
source knowledge
interpreter attempts
statistical similarity
type activity
something resembling
appropriate subject
weights directly
basic formula
additional relationships
length three
processing might
different annotators
sfc vector
special tokens
great challenge
new construction
6 occurrences
db query
base structures
corresponding rcg
preceding morpheme
values produced
contain verbs
repair manuals
printed questionnaire
rather tha
transitions per
human scores
good partial
modeling method
variables a0
address p
grammatical analyses
since w
grammatical cues
disco project
2 null
two lexicon
character units
identifying gene
5000 le
cognitive content
event given
system learns
noun database
inflected language
various parameters
clauses headed
spatial adpositions
muc event
different interactions
a0 a71
use syntax
spanish version
input key
growing recognition
additional context
ambiguous wordform
chosen sentence
time slice
compliant application
chakrabarti et
2 outlines
morphemic categories
combination models
novel context
accuracy among
dependent ones
phenomenon appears
system etc
based modification
investigate methods
informative patterns
external lexical
cuisine type
matches p2
480 sentences
considerably reduces
parse constituents
matching score
expression corpus
disjunctive nodes
also limit
text skimming
every piece
graph representing
argument simplification
fault tolerant
matching frame
genus sense
either argument
entry assigned
base srl
ambiguity leads
concerns systems
available documents
estimate cluster
breidt et
main domain
repair heuristics
groups showed
est r
karaka relations
local centering
nonempty suffix
output word
decoding time
controlled environment
end representation
sized chunks
preferred term
three modules
outperforms conventional
growing awareness
acoustic speech
initial right
biomedical researchers
alternate translation
annotation steps
location object
probable path
conversationally implicates
computational lexicon
contains english
apple ii
linguistics background
expression side
variable information
section showed
called language
parametric methods
complex inference
4 illustrate
expected utterance
ambiguity could
readers understand
pages within
right upper
express selectional
structural bias
one performing
elaborate upon
time search
dtrs sequence
describe command
1 figure
oriented parsers
objects currently
10 types
packed structures
considerable training
special reading
input sources
kana word
template per
exist today
location frame
different sublanguages
star wars
similar device
realistic information
declaration defines
begin keyboard
news speech
structural form
lax vowels
mutatis mutandis
discourse structures
1 supports
cosine coefficient
utterances share
atis application
interpretation rules
circular reference
rhetorical intent
cepstrum coefficients
varying degrees
null transition
equivalence relationships
1 consider
textual view
np2 np3
equivalent rule
full agreement
general situation
least understood
activation value
robust linguistic
argument chain
system embodies
la base
rapport au
contains scores
semantics analysis
2 describes
annotation strategy
nj occurring
templates containing
ner tasks
patterns associated
reference patterns
u deg
surface ifts
direct recogniser
generator rule
description depends
4 p
maximal proper
reported results
linguistic task
selected element
increased corpus
language interaction
types used
coverage problem
planner decides
nal position
trees 1
different information
many tree
leading paragraphs
long distance
syntactic coindexing
particular part
practical approximation
represent relevant
changes need
model permits
pruned tree
3 e
relations impose
useful class
aspect must
deductive parsing
plain label
grammar along
rhetorical categories
contains neither
passonneau et
tts engine
systems find
tag lexicon
thompson 1981
security council
report improvements
cascaded phenomena
pet hamster
event semantics
relations involving
includes part
discourse actions
defining cost
performance shown
features consist
script patterns
pos categories
generate dependency
four operations
largest gains
tagger using
unordered collection
mean percentage
rhetorical trees
various test
operation 6
formed input
texts available
different alternatives
dialog translation
theorem 2
longest string
news segment
given arabic
n could
four subcorpora
process node
rules required
two stem
small english
large corpus
un adjectif
engineering effort
candidate acronyms
curve representing
inactive arc
crafted heuristics
capability may
variables occur
based lexicalist
event corresponding
combination may
inverted orientation
work involves
certain position
possible score
model rescoring
ther words
sentence component
relative utility
general graph
possible algorithms
parsing structure
reinforcement learner
dialogue within
characters stored
atro voutilainen
schemes seem
resulting program
whose arcs
collaborative process
pair part
labels yi
ground grammar
template z
polysemous terms
structural categories
model order
dominant features
est bien
features help
webber 1979
universal variable
weighting factor
distributed systems
point mutations
different compound
branching case
actual task
evaluation de
principled treatment
short length
achieve roughly
liberal arts
boundary contexts
lowest entropy
recognizers used
spanish term
one cat
joint ventures
accurate linguistic
technical university
whereas similarity
structural trees
case o1
lexicon assigns
context suggests
adequate characterization
careful analysis
possible node
one mother
provide considerable
lp statement
independent variables
inferred relations
help ensure
logical sentences
relevant verbs
japanese society
formal way
conventional dictionary
code number
dasex values
probability computation
whose cosine
cyclic dependencies
conventional tree
repeated phrases
facility must
plural sentences
grammar adopted
flexible notion
core semantic
cooccurrence values
ciravegna et
prototypical instance
cps start
prior knowledge
simple structure
annealing search
peripheral extraction
utterance communicates
relational family
null figure
linguistic decisions
requirements may
hybrid chinese
one grouping
understood subject
model involves
manual abstracts
documents assigned
lexical problem
decision accuracy
6 g
coreference model
several nps
dictation system
la morphologie
recursive set
seeing event
mit artificial
al 1989
word open
reverse ordering
data views
semantic constituents
x also
relations introduced
suppose also
existing beliefs
disambiguating decisions
following properties
semantic strategy
represent senses
null consider
new page
evidence provided
standard graph
topic choice
complexity would
program attempts
system shown
extension algorithm
hebrew sentence
semantic valence
original communicator
rst algorithm
morphemes could
trigger constraints
token could
paper points
string similarity
l assigns
ul v
bilingual sign
lower hidden
18 confusion
rank 10
kind exemplified
name represents
process yields
current file
general theme
measures take
performance level
des pr
subsequent filtering
processing messages
21 p
operation denotes
normalization coefficient
sense candidates
en tant
main changes
one view
separate step
latter figure
algorithm updates
university research
military targets
sense matches
new mi
resulting discourse
different conceptions
harvesting protocol
nodes arc
representation without
john received
computational linguistic
form features
placental mammal
historical knowledge
clustering method
initial sense
molecular machine
select useful
marked words
high degrees
response strategies
lig version
form also
arduous task
important terms
inference control
reason lies
digital archives
whether phrases
dlt project
another car
agents agree
target semantics
special relations
request explanations
qa evaluations
logical predicates
e belongs
service provided
account lexical
data thus
following reason
combining propositions
feature form
edward maxwell
visit schema
dom tree
node without
spatial relations
leading edge
capitalized words
given result
gazetteer entry
tag would
japanese dependencies
good readers
parser control
relative time
correct sentences
basic observation
burnard 1995
classification would
6 proceedings
control back
dimensional matrix
following descriptions
good representations
lexical borrowing
heuristic evaluation
becomes quite
confluence states
reasonable ways
negative feature
alshawi resolving
edge corresponds
corpus instances
formulaic expressions
alignment evaluation
door closed
repairs may
uniform priors
12 speaker
proper part
evaluation texts
predicting object
system briefly
name e
task ease
critical w
characters 1
np pairs
summarization program
several measures
w consists
arbitrary knowledge
action 4
word causes
forty three
standard parseval
strong component
verb usage
declension class
main ones
system contains
important fact
clone operation
user base
specific number
problem may
correction phase
system reply
define equivalence
obtaining translation
term could
corpus aligned
transducer transitions
che storie
particular manner
metaphorical utterance
shared familiarity
dominating np
last dialogue
scale evaluations
thermo corpus
verb conjugated
algorithm failed
japanese part
date expressions
topic 89
medial heteropoise
scope structures
surface sub
parse cost
word l
guess possible
rules discovered
possible states
september 1990
sentence asserts
rates obtained
morgan et
last symbol
intelligent dialogue
independent attribute
frankfurter allgemeine
interesting conclusions
dependent categories
code provided
based test
practical nlu
one representation
write letters
pete whitelock
e language
output model
agentive role
resolve reference
construct examples
essential factor
one hole
significant time
robust handling
pronominal noun
explicit delimiters
rule input
conjunction type
utterance following
use unigram
free variables
ir clusters
constructed bottom
sets corresponding
mirror image
label correctly
original vector
one mechanism
phonetic knowledge
significant speech
concept set
n examples
green line
pp nodes
several paragraphs
testing service
methods alone
equivalent scopings
projective preposition
conventional meaning
lingual parsing
propositional fragment
santa cruz
aspectual markers
syntactic similarities
feature trees
supervised ne
joint goal
constructed example
briefly introduces
national weather
grammatical specifications
wsj 24
arcs point
open research
improves dramatically
distinguished sets
algorithm improvements
simultaneous adjunction
existing accounts
000 pages
absolute increase
assign higher
shows individual
languages use
conversion result
superior quality
first object
computer programmers
f1 metric
rhetoric knowledge
spanish wordnets
decoder uses
choices within
include pronouns
cells covering
words borrowed
update formulas
variable x
th subrule
5 suggests
coefficient k
best f
receptive morphology
sense disambiguation
little e
case english
parsers tend
possible correspondences
processing based
rule format
alignment value
certain patterns
known organizations
system execution
formal constraint
emoa pane
statistical variables
specific perspective
pmm system
later sentences
boolean conditions
surface schema
topic detection
character clustering
situation referred
derivation whose
first frame
maximum output
assignment algorithm
select suitable
path f
2 male
pope john
normative processing
independent techniques
contextual phenomena
regression model
recognition failure
equivalent non
partial ranking
utterance consists
input size
13 l
linear decay
among e
stylistic shapes
whose denotation
serious concern
noise added
prepositional case
input style
models constructed
answer ing
translate among
rasch model
two quasi
every problem
vowel splitting
much loss
topical relations
accuracies achieved
rich representations
many tag
prolog program
gain threshold
15 categories
dialogue length
accessible information
2 groups
first node
evaluation campaigns
rst attempts
particular analysts
use deleted
select features
current investigation
local similarity
smaller word
mean either
tense value
irrelevant examples
simplified dependency
denote sets
cannot share
original distribution
adding links
text vector
default information
handle word
traces back
whole sequences
discourse theories
conceptual schema
genre repertoire
time schedule
entropy pseudowords
syntactic positions
segmentation decision
transitions produced
concept system
b r
human e
ga models
substring generation
field engineer
sentences provide
action expression
empirical study
rule packets
ranked results
symmetric form
entity consisting
constituent spans
integrating knowledge
first account
south end
public service
scoring theories
including determiners
qui peut
1 use
preposition disambiguation
relatively domain
important issues
uncertain knowledge
downstream processing
achieve reasonable
statistics drawn
note 1
outputs using
added constraints
label corresponding
formed discourse
meaning pairs
asr output
third type
sequences using
another notation
trees performed
topical clustering
possible occurrences
null theorem
potential continuation
sposera mia
viterbi decoder
tim user
former case
6 months
thank joshua
single domain
roots de
adjacent items
xinhua newswire
first combine
focus particle
robust textual
da mail
summary street
bounding box
semantics provide
verification procedure
raw audio
information consumer
teaching methods
building dependency
discrete output
recognizer determines
orthonormal basis
intensive investigation
count cut
missing punctuation
matching case
english dialogue
algorithm find
positive vs
travel reservation
alternative transcriptions
hand auf
linguists working
rule np
combining morphemes
detailed comments
distance module
general verb
rules following
recognition process
developing grammars
den berg
several document
inf ormat
word ngrams
shared utterances
simple extension
contain extraneous
clapton led
prepositional argument
following architecture
representation schema
seeking scenarios
always performs
tim 1
l kr
class technique
recent projects
gold frame
like framenet
detailed questions
test tree
single candidate
models makes
valid input
interval relation
adequate tool
general device
framework since
name sets
following computational
compositional processes
attribute field
formation pattern
fewest nodes
x precedes
ace keys
generic grammar
local contexts
answer hypotheses
nigel grammar
restrictive postmodifiers
particular bias
given usage
component relates
accurate rule
useless states
monotonic multiple
linguistic questions
potential verbs
bilingual experiments
probabilistic generation
knowledge resources
cognitive capacity
terms x
markers p
state immediately
tagging consistency
document contexts
syntactic expansion
alternative views
term specificity
extraction models
modal adjectives
particular form
planning speech
60 hours
proposed kernels
clear boundary
redundant references
subsequent occurrences
adjoined position
john frosted
grammar forms
detailed statistics
clir experiments
closest centroid
level dependency
chain together
new hmm
copyright 1987
null c
contains e
every disjunct
lending activities
established knowledge
hot water
meet three
two rule
detection techniques
fallon mcelligott
french phrases
threshold number
higher np
encyclopedia entries
linguistic statistics
iis algorithm
sumita et
information entered
theory 1
expression must
audio recording
content field
several experiments
rules consists
via ggi
numbered items
sentences one
tjong kim
dependent triphones
tag tl
popular query
standard verb
prosodic indicators
time usage
subway directions
generally refers
array microphones
entity variables
bayes nets
stative senses
thank mike
numeric representation
treebank contains
including k
processes take
adjectives also
pairs attached
tree attaches
preparatory phase
wanted tony
concept words
underlying intention
eye toward
bad recognition
class children
host application
selection using
apparatus used
decomposition result
learned extraction
incorrect pair
argument element
theta role
patterns actually
dialogues consisting
tuples consisting
uses relatively
actual questions
efficiency measures
ed version
existing documents
2 share
literal text
e relation
economic advantages
synchronous tree
comprehensive study
dependency format
third improvement
null use
analysis tells
computer interactions
models might
sets defined
singular masculine
perception may
pos expansions
sufficient volume
mention detection
conventions may
motivated methods
future improvements
google searches
main entity
canada grant
utility maximization
1 demonstrates
possible equivalents
thank lars
texas instruments
repair correction
summary extracted
evaluation model
acting upon
module combination
item k
government phonology
theoretical model
influences word
seven instances
type name
read versions
mandatory positions
extract rules
improvements would
algorithm generates
web text
sun sparcstation
possible case
location argument
set expressions
consideration would
generation scheme
alignment set
preparatory action
bracket notation
main categories
best prediction
overall analysis
following relational
use preference
referring intentions
statistical techniques
probable values
grammar utterance
frequency idf
possesses two
recognition times
include verbs
system l
marketplace mall
statistical weights
incorrect identification
jaeger et
actual compatibility
mean preference
corresponding attribute
among sets
includes categories
losing information
coded patterns
produce optimal
descriptions retrieved
discovered cluster
morpheme discovery
software manuals
rule need
settings within
quadratic features
historical accident
np type
level instances
contradictory evidence
machine learning
linguistic coverage
answering systems
30 percent
calculation may
computer tutoring
structures whose
systems evaluated
antonym co
strategies using
building robust
word synthesis
000 expressions
relation e
3 briefly
appropriate alignment
models explicitly
single production
p iff
lexicon structures
trivial model
voiceless stop
new opportunities
relevant input
bibliographic database
like hindi
bill clinton
extraction may
resemblance relations
geometrical figure
merging region
grammar extraction
algorithm exploits
instruction item
intermediate templates
rule mapping
command condition
aus diesem
structural descriptors
multiple uses
attr periodic
distance remains
ruslan mitkov
erroneous senses
classification rule
participants share
summary evaluation
formalisms like
study uses
semantic interconnections
minipar parser
access key
provide context
uno system
classifier ensemble
assignment function
generator generates
like knowledge
descriptive part
words w1
upper window
time results
results come
obtain paraphrases
design specification
sex identification
plural indefinites
history clustering
grammar oriented
comments made
amy muia
appropriate summary
zwemt graag
reverse wh
candidate documents
using classifiers
tags would
emergency landing
effects using
specific place
dominance constraint
instrumental case
corresponding types
special version
tree display
focused action
create non
also supply
sequential application
forward match
issues like
possible argument
sentences using
new insight
input skipping
canonical dictionary
words along
backwards movement
canonical tree
reverse engineer
actual coverage
clausal comparison
data regarding
result bank
resolving word
sentence bank
set cs
finite sets
additional information
proper form
generated structures
measure condition
hypermedia systems
value either
semantic parse
novel information
associated form
en utilisant
label principle
similar picture
generate potential
taxonomies based
operation involved
table whose
p n2
structured features
ej translation
many observations
natural utterance
several principles
related area
marking particles
initial utterance
reanalysis constraint
towards one
actual inputs
quantization levels
constraints presented
dimensions used
without blind
repeated sentences
implicitly capture
translatable units
appropriate query
latin alphabet
klabbers et
predicates p
compute nodes
sentence pairs
see karttunen
faq pages
similarity lists
make learning
latter involves
multimodal applications
two incoming
modified f
coarser level
green et
dynamic behaviour
next semester
que tousles
system translation
strings onto
conversion results
grammar theory
bigram tables
tense system
net overlap
precision grammar
entropy classifiers
diverse areas
structure discussed
document consisting
patent domain
sindaco sposera
generally use
one matches
process required
current wsd
relation f
textual part
medical care
classifier employing
existing structure
mnemonic productions
adverbial expression
relevancy judgments
sort hierarchies
combination gives
sentence paragraphs
cooccurrence pair
generic thesauruses
assuming x
successive learners
specific knowledge
interested parties
point values
robust non
ran fast
constituents containing
substring derivations
others could
best summarization
string project
component n
june 1984
tile condition
boundary unit
alignment options
sentence predicate
entity grammar
produce syntactic
intransitive alternation
dotted rule
ranking produced
distinct character
joshi 1982
gene identifier
coded repair
explanation would
briefly outline
technique would
pull algorithm
appropriate error
dummy symbol
simple verbs
bearing word
appuie sur
atomic group
simple tense
irrational beliefs
south africa
header variable
rules matched
length greater
recall points
always indicates
face value
node identifiers
discourse expectation
coreference chain
detailed features
mode dialogues
prosody models
processing texts
individual tag
logical predicate
case specifications
detecting shift
principle may
effectively integrate
dialogues concerning
bob ingria
sample topic
whether sentences
disambiguating power
unique beginners
constraints requires
reduction laws
thus permits
associated categories
r corresponding
performance competitive
database blends
linguistic features
predicate nominal
a4 a51
complex predicates
task descriptions
learning environment
utility functions
navy messages
swapping operation
unification goals
window showing
science foundation
sample parse
treebank transformations
probability evaluation
control problem
overall baseline
item 3
2 presents
associated trees
system reaches
output character
5 ace
structure determines
disambiguating features
destination vectors
uncovered source
xcalibur system
word actor
point three
lexical occurrence
gonna take
original document
however shows
key string
formula used
full matches
theoretic analysis
netherlands organization
memory capacity
class items
string abc
vector characterizing
2 verbs
similar result
correctness rate
rational agency
achieves 83
often results
cases given
using concept
density languages
remain unchanged
comprehensive understanding
lunch break
representation research
al method
funded research
orderings defined
case represents
hospital admissions
method known
various search
rule like
segmenting text
mbl approach
way different
system counts
separate monolingual
great advantage
suffix pair
used text
proper answers
disambiguate many
verbs tend
segmented word
valid discourse
rules constitute
tree graphs
monolingual similarity
gt smoothing
inductive algorithm
exact accuracy
random process
local variables
theoretical question
model utilized
retrieval researchers
increasing complexity
kana character
real gain
linear fashion
medical language
card game
automatic features
french source
bad situation
tile effectiveness
verbs undergoing
discussions related
cases correctly
special term
use newspaper
widespread acceptance
identify referents
apply equation
single elementary
english show
plan consisting
first case
string types
current object
wsi algorithm
character based
spatial term
actual features
relation sets
processor may
kakiarawasu shu
techniques like
frame parser
market certificates
splitting based
token position
varied domains
generalization would
segmentation differences
two non
information stemming
john shot
different sort
il expressions
weights computed
sense listed
original experiments
cluster could
moves towards
using expectations
zeroth order
current score
suffix identification
base learning
sumtime corpus
np stack
two improvements
physical acts
psycholinguistic point
thus involves
case e
types seen
conditioning events
current frame
context ranking
du domaine
muctype name
trivial question
question 3
contain rules
polysemous word
warren 1983
closure computation
kanji combinations
whic h
filtering step
function make
eight words
physical setting
text document
verbal meaning
emotional content
april 2004
synchronous tag
visual field
infinitival verbs
desired properties
see meteer
achieve higher
also figure
marcus 77
many hypotheses
situation depicted
include events
certain cognitive
antecedent ante
two slots
transformation given
something outside
pruning corpus
secondary goal
crucial property
skut et
group segmentation
match failed
fang lin
structure composition
probability value
modal output
lexicai information
run would
function fa
prosody may
unification methods
rapid progress
different string
relation described
dorr 1992
output chain
active consideration
baseline probabilistic
grammatical framework
home p
l always
word kw
80 characters
fallt selbst
specific template
multiple translations
volume 10
search allows
edge representing
related documents
input tree
raising construction
flexible user
precondition p
accepted iff
trigram cache
known measures
inference patterns
common phrases
60 classes
current account
customizing functions
density function
line access
semantic primes
000 random
query concept
descendant nouns
adjoins onto
entropy inspired
great progress
intuitive terms
btm training
decomposition results
two stages
entry associated
telephone quality
figure lb
first argument
fixation time
ambiguity patterns
single phonemes
token x
see evidence
commit us
one code
standing problems
scoring method
every player
bilingual mrd
maximizes p
null put
mary drinks
broader picture
lion 2
user without
il eat
20 agents
immediate effect
claire cardie
one keystroke
computer aided
map shows
best parameter
system incorporated
fisher scores
specific clues
orthographic environments
full disambiguation
weight set
subcorpus contains
expressive capabilities
clause union
vector derived
cases corresponding
help classify
dependency rules
two arrays
fill slot
stopping rule
thematic content
effective filter
h2 criterion
root term
take time
qalc system
codebook vectors
nested terms
possible properties
iwslt 2004
tags tl
titus system
appropriate category
grammatical statements
decisions among
a21a23a22 a24
change tag
phase involves
rules learned
manual collection
important word
un foncteur
3 l
extensional verbs
darpa babylon
context prior
paper therefore
memory storage
formal dependency
propositional operator
plus part
per cpu
original database
foreign phrases
text linguistics
hard place
english realization
morphological constituents
nominal adjectivals
complete grammar
two tapes
accuracy attained
failure messages
insignificant words
selects sentences
local normalization
bow kernel
mark ii
three character
oracle word
sense units
higher risk
ward 1994
grammatical criteria
enlarged domain
category collocation
enable users
names provided
melamed et
general search
approach succeeds
atr corpus
nominal expressions
score reports
monotone increasing
dynamic mode
literal data
document normalization
fits well
feature approach
identifying fragments
lexical entry
sra triggers
30 words
application parameters
check item
sample story
many papers
using wordnet
existing technologies
9 indicates
three operators
argument assignment
higher ranks
preference cues
yx x
give n
information either
coefficient c
one ot
n patterns
vectors would
word a4
vector size
function either
formalism cannot
possible reason
segments within
local scope
travaux de
using relevance
document j
ranking imposed
ont pas
source chinese
term x
every occurrence
geographic entity
verbal tag
synthetic representation
single entity
web data
remaining documents
category must
r defined
certain links
one body
degraded text
nlg perspective
grammars require
update expression
automatic summarizers
epsilon symbol
gramnmr rules
9 parts
feature records
possible descriptions
verbed units
paul tai
present studies
checking problem
speed increase
correlates closely
violation types
understand utterances
bigram hmm
uncovered sentences
la fois
power et
types occur
route plan
different behaviour
beliefs proposed
quoted speech
apodosis proposition
lecture transcripts
martin ate
corpus processing
current states
lower line
un vase
object locations
systems proved
close words
canonical order
used metrics
top l
patterns observed
work situations
choose noun
progressive transition
original parallel
particular high
mathematical definitions
alex patrick
use cases
three decades
tree parser
lazy narrowing
text database
comparative clause
standard search
result used
format allows
years later
jurafsky study
moving picture
look beyond
two specializations
national information
cases remain
comparable speed
taylor 2000
accuracy corresponds
product named
editing signals
fewer types
surface generator
a89a90 a51
subjects assigning
text used
message processing
relevant rules
search paths
substantial amounts
speech one
little training
different speaker
unbounded sequence
particular depth
conversational maxim
dutch word
spanish source
uses surface
total computation
feature geometries
following requests
goal nodes
items left
main criterion
upper triangular
reuters test
ni cha
null finally
definitional statement
related structure
summary system
generating translations
phrasal comparatives
arguments according
initial letter
understand language
since topic
process following
primitive phrase
time periods
exhaustive coverage
compositional ones
new resource
processing model
en tout
semantic anomalies
automaton recognizes
formal checking
among training
input meaning
december 1994
concept sequences
irrelevant parts
order vector
expressive patterns
en deux
specific operation
cup broke
since parse
main chunk
une description
concept related
expressed doubt
documents associated
document unit
partial proof
mercer 1991
rule editor
n rnj
semantic families
use uniform
subjects often
private companies
loads associated
second scenario
translation purposes
continuous word
a0 b
conditioned probability
language specific
adjective modifies
parameter space
journal penn
inspector general
machine recognition
high incidence
hidden sequence
verb placement
via xml
occurs iff
graphical structure
elements tend
vp adjuncts
word per
history based
trec evaluations
choice 1
frequent english
ordering preferences
bilingual corpora
hyphen points
three p
automatic transliteration
deep grammars
inference capability
convenient method
ralph grishman
data input
relation signaled
idiomatic ones
vector distance
german documents
unmodi ed
violated preference
derived theme
case described
train crfs
hand work
process consists
features outperforms
usually someone
position pivot
noun senses
choosing among
memory use
john seems
skip section
regnier acyclicity
exp type
tree classifies
accepted mwes
loeical representation
grounding mechanism
notions introduced
nominal chunks
least accurate
governor label
boolean encoding
queries based
heavy smoker
complements may
literal queries
four structures
different readings
verb description
main motivation
precise information
nominative np
produce specific
document relevant
provide valuable
feature files
work attempts
supersense level
cathode ray
mscd operation
noun attachment
linguistic parsers
finite training
language sample
bilingual travel
probable pair
descriptive categories
several corpora
recursive call
depth 1
generalized alignment
variables cannot
simple recursive
apply also
similar results
term formation
distinct characteristics
bases used
multiple clusters
using q
enriched text
constraint networks
early pcs
without disjunction
contexts tend
class type
science point
original ssn
bridging references
simple optimization
necessarily correspond
correct plural
web queries
reference module
release corpus
94 mt
edge degree
previous point
adult speakers
e ol
clauses tend
following distinctions
absolute performance
relation betwee
parsing input
www search
important event
application paradigms
tile research
classifier learning
id experiment
independent representation
design characteristics
ftag grammar
head literal
strong claims
structure element
two poles
class sire
verbs selecting
type assigned
unrestricted corpora
lexicalized models
1 level
identical constituent
ver b
ou plusieurs
corpus derived
ent model
functions depending
ne classifier
bracketed input
dependencies produced
value feature
performance values
speech using
good start
either find
summary words
model attempts
resolution refers
independent mechanism
higher quality
automatic parsers
full dataset
uses head
model respectively
declarative descriptions
every entry
surface appearance
positive number
common source
diverse domains
structural conditions
since none
derivational suffix
parse forests
specification formalism
basic routines
que se
dialog states
industries inc
corpus b
temporal databases
chosen verb
word v
associated wilh
interaction structure
doug appelt
target symbols
input tag
based ie
developmental anatomy
analogical inference
collins 97
simple input
class covers
generative lexical
proposed mechanisms
training phases
repeated measures
combinatory categorial
relationship questions
garbage collector
approach allowing
condition occurs
particular corpus
nonterminal vocabulary
feature uses
many verbal
author must
used data
subordinated clause
structure followed
low speed
interpretations must
examples shows
possibilities exist
prediction process
wonders whether
new medium
extensive body
append operation
largest constituent
p includes
remain hidden
single multi
one dealing
best parses
labeled attachment
form requires
corpora automatically
best trade
individual hypotheses
tight schedule
salient words
computer manual
adjective occurs
possible computational
anonymous eacl
logical calculus
utterances like
particular approach
hachey et
co make
semantic dimension
grammar assumes
linking word
item needs
first reason
existing technology
agreement could
factual question
following formulas
classifiers trained
written corpora
term representations
variations among
call number
particular state
particular site
downtown san
assigned category
wong et
allow flexible
particular side
dahl translating
effect upon
classes either
10 candidates
resolution theorem
review neither
folk hero
weighted bi
lexical phenomena
virtual support
predictive coding
last decade
np pro
unannotated corpora
quality microphone
thls system
kind illustrated
virtual tags
2 input
copy otherwise
input vocabulary
dictionary rule
gazetteer feature
although discourse
basic assumptions
strategy combines
contain elements
material contained
name sequence
also permits
sharing subdialogues
best sequence
english named
training condition
contained therein
papers accepted
tokenization error
pair corpus
frame processor
middle construction
100 test
repair dialogue
acoustic domain
query q
potential ambiguity
tree represent
segmentation would
schank 1976
single machine
corpora consisting
allows multiple
database theory
modeling multiple
semantic constraints
pre x
lexical decompositions
psychological theory
similar resources
synset indexing
p expresses
basis function
uniqueness problem
short definitions
entries along
true classification
taking area
ideas presented
various sorts
nodes directly
tool automatically
potential discourse
number q
tense operator
spanish sentences
jacquemin et
simpler set
scope interpretations
complex predicate
modified training
j ranges
pyramid evaluation
semantic inferences
automatically label
relate syntactic
bayesian classifiers
3 describe
daille et
unification leads
intransitive change
hybrid parser
esrc grant
head relation
algorithm recursively
gram matching
size contexts
template consists
best strategies
memory intensive
analysis would
tha n
empirical facts
passive gesture
different orders
role relation
ir technique
art supervised
topic search
valid elements
summary responses
low support
standard conditional
global dialogue
direct descendants
selected articles
case framework
forty thousand
current case
tipster corpus
null level
investigate patterns
user applications
editor interface
sense relations
also argues
differ across
anaphoric dnps
interlingual links
question needs
ciprian chelba
entity extractors
giving dialogue
two thirds
functional notions
serial architecture
empty denotation
frame set
finding simple
system annotates
texts annotated
remaining rows
thc system
related technologies
unset parameters
characteristic features
tiered approach
example method
phrase nodes
provide information
mccord 1989b
conditions specified
dutch example
disambiguation component
20 p
preceding words
features yield
detection mechanism
derivational lexical
information appear
configuration frequencies
ippru conjecture
suthers 1993a
newborn infants
designers may
respectively represent
results displayed
lexical methods
supervised parsing
fl q
general trend
given description
vector length
default behaviour
lower class
minimum confidence
tile functional
hand written
dp based
generates english
select methods
greatest source
second relation
rules work
words head
ur informatik
represent part
word node
atlas project
introduction section
query modification
lexical paraphrasing
comes fl
iterative technique
context templates
change significantly
scoping algorithms
sense clustering
paris 1987
software using
system concludes
quantifier scope
verbnet class
c 4
alternative definitions
heuristic approaches
parsers since
sample article
whose performance
initial adjunct
modal dialogues
uses probabilistic
senses provided
representative corpora
level processing
topic development
word trigrams
task included
last resort
choices regarding
parallel language
input matrices
target lengths
three characteristics
classifier relies
lexical hub
federal agency
expressions belonging
student rst
precision average
tense sing
several stories
tools described
diabetes mellitus
example 18
penalty parameter
psycholinguistic data
racal research
bnc sentences
include discourse
encoded information
klaus ries
current argument
manual word
partial derivation
empirical problems
release version
perform dictionary
av grammar
transitive relation
high count
research within
examples follow
example keywords
less possibility
2 np
grammar still
grammatical parses
similarity relationships
u k
reduce dependency
phoneme models
mechanism applies
screen switching
omission detection
deep components
peritoneal lavage
speaker adaptation
concept hierarchies
features assigned
quelle mouche
data need
engineering application
various results
hmm name
contingency relation
constraints available
parsing program
jj nns
useful application
frame system
new ddo
representations given
develop heuristics
sense might
large source
expected length
maria einen
distinctive feature
dimension along
lnk task
general categorization
compact description
method given
successor node
common component
position without
japanese corpus
appropriate cues
180 sentences
coreferential relation
variable number
produces structures
complete link
rule instantiations
common sentences
list shows
complement categories
planning processes
grammatical sequence
generally contains
candidate mwe
telephone manuals
word frequencies
raskin et
purpose tools
cannot interpret
analyze written
make precise
clef 2004
theoretical distribution
stochastic phrase
instantiated form
possible phrasal
new strings
idiomatic trees
semantic constraint
stable states
possible joint
feature fk
proposes using
lowest level
reasonable size
b j
syntactic licensing
parameters according
formation information
importance scores
information overlap
simple program
constraint verification
character confusion
environmental protection
relevant elements
distinct characters
kanji ocr
feature collocation
389 calls
trainable template
good place
japanese side
parsing need
hypothesis 2
definition implies
full trees
impersonal clauses
finite sequence
active grammar
underspecified structure
use five
four passes
algorithm proceeds
text reduction
neutral form
granularity information
complete agreement
page count
scheduling dialogues
domain modelling
weight index
general usage
yin jin
national park
completed text
communicative game
support services
inversion transduction
scientific understanding
strict match
upon application
lexical equivalence
corresponding representation
first architecture
impression keyword
potential referent
reading levels
blind eye
1999 association
define patterns
1997 editions
problem concerns
leaves many
function keys
parsing tool
deictic function
goto functions
problematic sentences
also turn
research devoted
different classi
major bottleneck
example 5
parsing ambiguity
adjuncts like
system accepts
preposition might
different number
localisation procedures
mapping sets
lexical false
trees 3
derived clause
clause fragment
phenomena presented
meaning procedures
feature must
parser terminates
vocative case
ff labels
document link
foreign sentences
item annotations
data became
several meta
constrained search
single criterion
accuracy improves
automaton construction
items stored
orde r
interpolated average
advisor must
completion metric
ensemble de
particular day
shows better
module described
function feature
sentence match
focus constituent
enthusiastic dialogue
attachment configurations
annotate words
initial processing
foreign students
traitement du
hierarchy within
lexicon learning
applying crfs
oracle scoring
require reasoning
act dimension
identify classes
template marcher
single chunk
chinese text
wide scope
algorithms introduced
ordered pairs
obvious need
four tasks
acquisition methods
universe u
narratives written
corpus null
ii n
possible realizations
large human
first train
parsing conversational
external variables
recursive cases
active unit
p a2
new pos
symbols associated
object together
presented techniques
reflexive adjective
terms plus
expression component
ure 2
learner combination
wav files
approach performs
knowledge acquisition
building process
ilex project
kana characters
japanese proper
considerations alone
also assist
annotation standard
overlapping arguments
bearing operators
various resources
metrics like
plausible interpretation
capture fine
objects also
composite objects
defined annotation
3 hours
categories follow
asymmetrical relations
potential complexity
berwick definition
phoneme may
cost reduction
interconnected network
setting k
growing trend
chunk list
use extensive
score q
simple discourse
mapping described
airline company
chief executive
15 translations
2 need
length varies
rightmost verb
annotated medline
vi system
least squares
relationship involved
confusable expert
un syst
verb acquisition
inference mechanisms
another use
v denote
corpora exist
representations corresponding
affix frequency
recognized transcripts
shorter descriptions
conversation using
linguistics today
level b
questions annotated
joe eats
morph units
training proceeds
serious consideration
natural step
paradigm called
svd key
like montague
documents actually
average occurrence
easy use
mutual translations
initial step
semantic informations
one stage
hoc query
listener believes
blood product
sequential correspondence
plausible path
grammar derived
programming tool
one factoid
correlation function
tree fragment
x could
child reads
different perspective
surface c
node nl
ideal candidate
coherence analysis
class according
c holds
ic rules
indirect language
separate pass
tools currently
f value
system seems
resource sharing
rules written
basic notions
speaker assumes
whose base
first seeks
configurational evidence
soft measures
significant domain
selected senses
conventional interpretation
limited case
input pass
chart shows
objects involved
sentence terminators
general results
individual verbal
level process
prefix property
cognitive level
senses 2
annotators mark
1 path
using plaser
minimum context
13 states
pp may
transitive closures
embedded structures
french bank
new insights
functions needed
hindi language
parameter could
indirect relationship
backward probabilities
final iteration
caller names
areas mentioned
grammatical requirements
classes appear
system acquires
developing multimodal
repeat step
data like
perfect sense
russian dictionary
mwe extraction
speech channel
symbols prefixed
complexity without
linguistic goals
dynamic knowledge
based documents
encourage users
several time
lines indicating
coverage lexicons
tree system
main principle
given scenario
sentence generators
form could
tile combination
deeper inferences
unigram statistics
21578 collection
extended notion
contains another
default mode
find subjects
verbnet syntactic
bridging inferences
relation sequence
null preposition
problems even
automatic pattern
several speech
one reading
discriminative framework
measure formula
6 years
produced sentences
stochastic tagger
2001 data
numerical code
useful dialogue
grammar size
incorrect rule
given language
symbolic information
tabular algorithms
system score
participants need
assign features
items 1
original hierarchical
var synkende
vp complements
trade names
study aimed
direct questions
columbia newsblaster
second models
distress call
subtree projection
model improves
absolute 1
categorization using
fundamental knowledge
string representation
letters used
unique result
head selection
net concepts
operation requires
de ceux
model likelihood
meta characters
powerful technique
new means
question appears
jv domain
word occurrences
first blush
write c
matrix would
large organizations
salience weighting
structural inference
differences seen
industrial strength
real test
uniform interpretation
particular conditions
certain place
particular mr
textual relations
previous efforts
large sentences
bayesian prior
utterance rather
average system
dialogue planning
des schemas
following collins
bounding theory
nonlocal dependency
right contexts
two subevents
action matcher
transformed lpc
rich knowledge
japanese version
short period
metonymic constructions
segmentation rule
individua l
linguistic space
overt surface
ordering strategy
preference sets
narratological structurer
acceptance scale
verb relation
syntagmatic structure
enter diamond
christian f6neyrol
since constraints
accuracy around
two fds
military domain
multiclass perceptron
share similar
alternative tags
selection depends
mafia newspaper
humans appear
word 7
np chunks
joint frequency
active senses
2 rules
compositionality based
location slots
description dictionary
three characters
singular anaphora
seven times
advanced question
based analyzer
used relative
units available
stereotypical ascription
test algorithm
explicit choice
guidelines used
meaning expressions
node c
encoding knowledge
following chapters
paum system
el libro
one accent
require expert
content without
clear case
learner english
unlexicalized training
analysis rule
complete view
batliner et
restricted corpus
transfer pattern
ambiguous expression
reasons given
site provides
5 test
per node
achieve fairly
focus information
discriminative criteria
whole collection
evaluation driven
autonomous agent
pilot set
normal np
prefix tree
comparable quality
previous data
sequence according
de consultation
extract resolution
objects produced
null translation
information summation
calculus theorem
focus token
predicate mapping
cluster formation
subject complements
two sub
sharing subdialogue
grammar within
new contribution
particular collocation
difference exists
order used
dominant constituent
syllables cannot
empty finite
new unique
law states
role may
structure objects
service provides
screen display
recovery techniques
high asr
formalism employed
unanswerable queries
viterbi alignment
efficient knowledge
gram tagging
feedback strategy
individual tags
nuclear sentence
occurring set
right panel
latter interpretation
relevant class
single solution
interpretation using
improved correlation
fact extractor
scale values
effective grammar
adjacent nouns
ones produced
hong kong
lower probability
related constructions
therefore propose
translation processing
preferred center
iii l
explicit end
sample standard
es linguistiques
models considered
destructive devices
label accuracy
new evaluation
way implicative
structures gives
frazier et
acquisition approaches
parsing complexity
different phrasings
alignment problems
phonetic environment
complementary errors
defined attributes
next choice
biological interactions
planning domain
contains exactly
many implementations
five dollars
previous days
turkish language
routine formulas
defined class
x constituent
understand novel
following phases
grammars makes
high type
candide hamt
sales volume
different rooms
four blocks
grained discourse
depth limit
measure scores
derivation steps
left conjunct
previous darpa
standard resources
phase algorithm
unambiguous reference
french document
g u
process requests
intact states
action called
based tagging
total value
indefeasible information
relative ones
e n
primitives used
default tfs
mapping statements
single semantics
like drt
known corpora
tile english
contextual patterns
accuracy difference
korean verbs
duda et
salience value
expressing information
used esp
name denotes
conversational context
25 points
modify cycle
formal devices
latter function
localisation industry
indefinite description
discourse parameters
redundancy within
translation step
exact type
perry 83
whose edges
english sources
online resource
new arc
failures due
il sindaco
identify correspondences
tree chooser
gives results
example thesaurus
natural idea
within documents
coast guard
additional links
default number
argument j
erroneous part
verbs since
updated set
theoretic notion
net hierarchy
extended metaphors
probable reason
also proves
damerau et
current pcs
initial idea
ambiguities due
representation allows
language constraints
candidate whose
nous avons
ddc codes
4 types
jelinek et
sort assignments
tag network
desirable goal
chinese utterances
observed differences
specific subtypes
indirect relation
high rates
interesting line
previous reference
whose modifiers
phrases without
dependency exists
still performs
retrieving documents
bitext slope
tile scores
compute relative
proper conditions
segment purpose
1 list
rhs phrase
size grammar
load imposed
pragmatic decisions
scanned input
2 variants
complex boolean
argument grammar
associated conditions
word ended
nonconcatenative constraints
tigr database
ith utterance
original articles
domain mode
henceforth g
operational applications
vary freely
combined document
note 3
valid syntactic
best solutions
syntactic effects
proficiency guidelines
often beats
text a0
speed performance
achieve full
standard markov
detailed context
segment duration
value indicates
sound models
domain category
paraphrase thesaurus
600 hours
layered structure
cross word
using multiple
based analyzers
compute association
ge nltoolset
polar atom
good testbed
focuses solely
technical areas
significant ones
improves generalization
ussr center
positive integers
textual corpus
total percent
1 suggest
five person
transcribed sentences
new value
house b
discriminative training
instantiation features
word g
explicitly construct
length allowance
case assigners
3 z
control phenomena
one clustering
retrieval process
alternative rules
second sum
output filter
remains invariant
contextual representations
unigram features
sample frequency
application development
3 v
relations may
morphological families
eu fp6
previous queries
ly r
textual approach
transition data
type restrictions
apply co
variable knowledge
disturbance set
adjunct nouns
generic part
permit easy
better dialogue
countability prediction
corpora instead
pure memory
mental acts
value logic
tishby 1992
hybrid system
optional components
stop list
proof step
systems simply
impossible task
correctly segment
system illustrates
function performs
immediate descendents
turnstileleft nc
given rise
suffix rule
distinct objects
relative distortion
modification algorithm
bit later
simplification rule
priori assumptions
v iff
ion system
low quality
une variable
language pedagogy
evaluators agreed
rhetorical act
best paraphrase
software developers
pilot study
paf kernel
relative impact
bigrams based
include elements
style representation
following expression
compute semantic
inside nes
maximum incorrect
either condition
frames obtained
traditional notions
rather awkward
unique triples
nominal structures
odqa systems
path equation
multiple explanations
approach chosen
since web
coverage examples
final expressions
multiple component
ten lines
overfitting problem
low tone
statistical dependencies
lexware culler
low tones
entire test
text articles
related events
viterbi approximation
symbols u
a23 a30
classification schema
distributed data
corpus thus
via substitution
postprocessing stage
parameters ls
used nouns
pharmaceutical supplies
used linear
important detail
time relation
covers three
become operator
referential forms
various branches
grosz 1977
whole hierarchy
pronouns often
different knowledge
professional users
employee relation
document server
adjectives could
deterministic finite
generalized heads
boxes contain
paradigm described
two applications
original time
tile nl
first hline
mathematical formalism
finance domain
models trained
ensemble model
corresponding index
zero l
cause difficulty
context consistency
dorna 1993
copular sentence
training1 corpus
value chosen
original speech
metaphorical views
found divided
statistical disambiguation
layer also
service mission
lexicon needed
lexical overlap
occurring words
atn grammar
current architecture
semantic subclasses
x information
handling non
rough translations
driven mode
different usages
common measures
red light
woods 1977
examine two
bindi 1990
null list
link tokens
optimal analysis
lexical retrieval
test function
la tour
filtering threshold
two unigrams
phonemic transcriptions
last item
given paper
cfg cannot
structural encoding
cyclic automaton
ranked region
noun cannot
7 languages
point would
native texts
extract important
uninflected words
speaker style
cleaner data
four sentence
average percentage
5 table
question shown
tag propagation
contains 16
mickey mouse
results came
corresponding sql
computational applications
pronunciation patterns
produces actual
obtain f
logical expressions
human disambiguator
200 years
rules fail
object type
software infrastructure
adaboost algorithm
specific errors
includes finding
cluster validation
system 7
rich pito
typical chinese
grouping structure
attributed grammars
hanja data
words still
preference criteria
normal rules
1996 nist
switch graph
appropriate f
unique id
mesh headings
structure depicted
document design
1989 chris
text contain
single vowel
study identified
retrieval times
fundamental operation
weighted grammars
character recognizer
following ideas
relative bias
inference module
parser avoids
elliptical vps
semantic forms
adequate generation
key template
achieve coverage
following quotation
cohen 1987
phrase data
meanings listed
lexical feature
exploratory study
possessive pronouns
characteristics described
food item
hebrew script
lexical examples
contains grammatical
chaining rule
caller phrase
worse case
existing program
realization model
appropriate definition
one binary
initial null
presidential candidate
solving system
data annotation
generated thesaurus
research groups
parser module
sensor groups
linear phonology
substantial subset
scientific domains
upper surface
fnp segmentation
one corpus
since sense
particular significance
five training
agents take
note taking
different dynamic
analyzer makes
oriented representations
general nodes
studies suggested
judged plausibility
technical note
particularly convenient
3 node
best extract
report scores
propose using
fuller discussion
adaptation sentences
cause interference
desired precision
spatiotemporal locations
architecture designed
mercer introduction
snow et
lines 5
problems concerned
imposes additional
multiple comparison
sentence accuracies
lexicon provider
domain number
add features
anaphoric presupposition
unmatched templates
directed alignment
lambek grammars
reducing ambiguity
proof process
constituent containing
complex message
bigram pos
agr np
recognition input
100 development
codomain agreement
u c
normalized average
left parse
paragraph p
function defines
study carried
tutor may
problem amounts
ti corpus
one side
semantic parallelism
paper explored
provides references
2 line
difference whether
traditional boundary
1 specifies
scientific discovery
translation within
invaluable comments
since standard
boundary disambiguation
empirical fact
n influences
closed track
type concept
production tasks
theoretical principles
aligned hansards
comparative results
answer exists
frequently use
language web
program would
types cannot
building structure
dp model
two family
possible stems
weighted difference
proofread translation
le passage
shows similar
adhoc topics
subsequent work
corporate duty
presents evaluation
knowledge may
maximal amount
intended user
distinguish arguments
behavior must
interaction events
ith child
transformation applies
request expressions
multiple sites
german counterparts
annotators 1
three moves
related phenomenon
a3 a46
future directions
easily show
argument attachment
spanish experiments
conjunctive node
final implementation
smoothing algorithms
lp constraints
future muc
cf phrase
causal relationship
reflect human
contains gestodene
new set
observation likelihoods
boolean predicate
john benjamins
cs may
efficient operation
alex lascarides
text segment
binding machine
following alignment
passage scoring
full corpus
developmental data
kh2 a4
correct extractions
called topic
shi zai
selective dissemination
state resulting
clause levels
morpheme word
top node
validation experiment
analysis stages
existing discourse
distinct contexts
total system
type associated
length mutual
biocreative task
ten people
bases contain
isolated utterances
rules separately
chinese queries
entity subtype
estimating term
simple annotation
figure l
called parse
annotated material
concrete realization
next theme
coordinated research
structure inside
one characteristic
pattern entry
constituent cannot
problems posed
entity disambiguation
combinatory power
2001 association
structure automatically
metaphor types
3 yields
three objects
bearing element
split antecedent
page 23
one proper
p h
useful ways
features specify
system viewed
free manner
metric measures
two research
phrase found
internal stylistics
rhs terms
substring ai
similarity information
language along
extended meanings
code conversion
kb accessor
15 symbols
system expects
base clause
level workspace
size dictionaries
generation grammar
incomplete description
critical success
detailed report
majority baseline
verbs found
enquiry processor
different clues
similar utterances
compositional semantics
brevity algorithm
denoted c
principal axis
greatest amount
preserving generation
means training
respond effectively
individual action
zero counts
give way
paraphrase detection
rule generation
conjoined nouns
two streams
problems become
users know
linguistic intuition
relation denotes
given region
interesting class
grammar specified
semantic checking
inanimate objects
structure consisting
system integrated
specific environment
reference points
single computer
documentation system
ing set
semantic tagsets
equal weighting
routing accuracy
rank score
information indicates
root morphemes
feature encoding
specialized servers
slash units
metaphors based
system g
following query
final bunsetsu
function indicates
phrase queries
1 values
conjunction structures
trie structure
computational research
travel arrangements
perceptron training
many grammars
new system
increased amount
biomedical verbs
subsequent years
limited recall
dutch cross
elicited judgments
dominant position
network systems
science student
present study
sets together
tag family
put np
000 collocations
bootstrapped svm
right scope
key operation
use word
likely document
previous student
possible subject
separate tags
similar language
input support
thus suggest
utterance error
exist without
knowledge held
entire table
ner systems
respective languages
target items
phrasal parse
uses punctuation
honorific forms
oriented dialogues
merge multiple
16 hours
example graph
empirical issues
database size
model decision
written ill
task rather
recursive decomposition
appropriate intonation
old task
computation feasible
variable x2
freer word
matrix paradigm
large amount
figure clearly
lingual ontology
h occurs
following error
mt architectures
caller might
earlier implementation
containing n
entire clause
diagnostic tool
produce relatively
techniques provide
larger dictionary
scott warren
main findings
best features
larger tree
k basic
l u
discourse clause
considerable savings
pragmatic problem
every feature
blind tests
models mentioned
01 il
machine systems
bear 1990
fold improvement
positive integer
consistent interpretation
facts relating
total words
single cue
line green
rules differ
path features
functional node
particular phrases
particle constructions
attachment procedure
slot error
high match
walkthrough text
data class
intermediate structure
estimated frequencies
link relations
certain label
predict likely
type declaration
manager receives
keyword types
limited computational
leftmost daughter
three similarity
user define
context change
classification research
compact models
target point
semantic maps
current land
kobsa et
project p393
true wer
one version
user refers
10 see
madcow group
dirichlet smoothing
nord de
position k
destination nodes
fitzpatrick discourse
domains including
graph 1
unlabeled data
figures 2
preferences described
travel dialogues
64 mb
document matches
syntactic behaviours
dialogue action
argument filling
mechanical device
aligned bitext
also situations
allow syntactic
levels must
fonction syntaxique
tim whole
extract using
poster session
related paper
keywords present
approaches apply
task 4
equivalent english
let fi
locality bias
analysis generates
following approximation
controlled recording
weight transducer
false implicature
modifying adjectives
marker model
model builders
joe bear
tree sequences
combining speech
support received
recognition program
tile e
11 systems
enquiry system
universal constraints
work today
minimum information
preliminary agreement
associated inference
carry agreement
instructional texts
robustly estimate
way analysis
otherwise continue
bonnie dorr
bt tokenization
improving user
x x
dictionary without
utterances comprising
suppose x
feminine nouns
similar numbers
minimal clause
internal node
equal value
entire derivation
bare nouns
conceptual framework
modeling results
anything like
issues using
one day
always p
prototype application
express one
geographical information
regularized form
words within
represent relations
described events
component shows
suffix arrays
structural component
wlodek zadrozny
nwp data
3 occurrences
attachment preferences
scientific abstracts
subcat list
untrained users
public transportation
represent high
input corresponds
something new
rule ap
another level
ne classification
complex procedures
word following
help improve
competing candidates
translation length
following variations
gain achieved
survey parser
nous les
cohesion trees
unsupervised distributional
goal may
object reference
sentence 12
pages 73
features associated
speech depends
potential syntactic
memory chip
missing function
corpus presents
important element
three contexts
similar phenomenon
simple class
resultative verb
social relationships
reciprocal statements
isolated shape
standard text
idiomatic uses
reasonable restriction
incorporate pos
form x
28 aoot
independent units
make life
previous activity
words ate
strung together
using fsa
technical domains
supplemental phrasal
recognition tool
hmm instance
possessive constructions
add row
sum formation
alternate realizations
extracted semi
rhetorical predicates
judgements based
lagrange multipliers
phoneme n
systems poses
fiction corpus
raw form
set sentence
argumentative strategy
varied texts
semantic alternation
using mouse
arms program
overall user
deterministic rule
social context
inter alia
regular text
tim use
erroneous answers
local dependencies
recall evaluation
value close
based description
charniak parse
cover one
ses arguments
different guises
beyond context
next verb
two muc
deictic gesture
constraints attached
species information
called root
characters wrongly
similar shape
les num
incomplete utterances
rod johnson
clue matrix
previous sections
whole event
lexicon parameters
0b weight
field approximation
image processing
new syntax
including translation
conceptual criteria
svm parser
word consists
depends solely
process fails
minimal derivation
also attempts
electronic systems
role agent
features particular
text posted
verb v2
emotional learner
great value
video annotation
processing experiments
expressions collected
noun taxonomy
e parse
000 sentence
interacting processes
word recall
language producer
user c
possible companies
automatic induction
grammar sharing
specific piece
conversational interactions
je te
particular act
locative description
parser recognizes
sense entries
actions based
syntactic technique
tripartite dialogue
local disambiguation
morpheme model
including maximum
indicate optionality
unresolved ambiguities
good advantage
relation z
three minutes
various utterances
01 iw
a59 a17
john seeks
matching phases
category recovery
truth definition
darpa standard
baseline tag
static trigram
use event
sincerely thank
gradually change
process rather
larsson et
formal apparatus
one term
explicit clause
predicate representing
total percentage
inherent weaknesses
linguistic competence
better integration
bob saw
application results
classifiers used
student advisement
des sciences
clean corpus
120 instances
particular encoding
structural comparison
receive information
dialogue quality
distinct variables
perform efficient
second agent
approaches infinity
location 4
event type
unusual words
using oceanography
rule using
sun jia
set depending
include syntactic
interpersonal communication
similar relation
mislead us
performs considerably
two collections
identifying events
perform bilingual
pragmatic features
states may
ins wasser
th part
performance would
une tr
japanese phrases
related discourse
plausible classes
learner learns
place relations
read information
find topic
various language
elements found
product tree
integrated speech
research partners
whole purpose
main effects
transition labels
matching condition
system discovered
linguistics group
storage approach
representation contains
technical names
inverse substitution
index cards
specific constructs
zero adnominals
nuclear stress
tokenization operation
certain points
features drawn
determiner noun
precision falls
np structures
indicate topic
based constructions
many components
technology makes
1 classes
w denote
basic algorithms
major elements
use example
defining equations
system communicates
french corpora
techniques using
attack incident
without entropy
margin training
princess kissed
ordinary verb
node contains
recall value
tells whether
structured information
phrase relative
maximizing p
correction performance
house yesterday
next clause
a5 a60a7a6
objects presented
indexing vocabularies
sd training
provide links
grammars must
sub tasks
future analyses
current improvements
synthesis module
modi ee
remains unresolved
chunk identification
patch corpus
modified versions
na noun
false candidates
values differ
unweighted results
bob moore
art method
since utterance
loop terminates
system administrator
type u
analysis plays
provides constraints
multiple pairs
potential segmentation
perception reports
tense indicates
question translation
organizational scheme
preference strategies
mean duration
1 object
temporal anchors
software user
result ill
tile sets
potential filler
captures dependencies
realization operators
measure described
coreference resolver
feature component
pairs contained
following directions
intuitive feel
preliminary labeling
areas covered
b cells
intelligent dictionary
automatically constructs
pp constituents
vocabulary expansion
new role
side shows
specific focus
order linearization
new understanding
segmental phonology
capitalized word
phrase bracketings
relationship requires
physical systems
complex expressions
art learning
discourse anaphors
senses correspond
former expression
1 frame
name transliteration
introducing errors
steps would
data abstraction
idealized grammar
join operation
system descriptions
annotations would
copying process
additional knowledge
likelihood method
scalar product
particular source
illustration purposes
rhs term
entity ej
head n
logged parse
matching expression
driven transformation
observations made
base search
response could
thesaurus sense
elliptical sentence
9 p
categorial judgments
capture significant
bit dull
b cannot
phrase semantic
compositional translations
one complication
organizing d2
detailed information
example verb
language subset
case per
simply record
language forms
technical problems
aided machine
context matching
phonological processes
curried notation
run ten
processing principles
traitement des
another illustration
l test
recovery mechanism
precise number
complementary problem
answering queries
frequency analysis
external representation
14 sentences
human produced
various numbers
referential potential
warnke et
deciphering algorithm
argument labeling
null les
distributions estimated
tree including
two dags
marked noun
standard metrics
tactical generator
including people
interaction takes
house stood
different intonation
appropriate parameter
human summarizers
hendrix et
depth 3
target type
function hierarchy
meeting transcripts
evenly split
several processes
given tenure
test grammars
report f
two combination
element b
words length
model retains
linguistic consequences
learning methods
state modeling
external mechanism
estimation algorithm
larkey et
phrase labels
uses tree
good chinese
best lists
distinct attribute
expand queries
project members
lesser role
fragment identification
months without
respond cooperatively
simple syntactic
larger vocabulary
hybrid approaches
mathematical analysis
requires consideration
though users
visible links
ith tape
z b
form representations
second n
texts processed
detection stage
termes descriptifs
extra computation
category pairs
agent intends
normative rules
smoothed probability
scalar function
random predictor
incremental generation
collaborative annotation
e basic
subsequent phases
help people
fact based
include segmentation
labeling sequence
concept hierarchy
best parsers
early phases
3 proceedings
use partially
automatic information
elements generated
word matched
joint density
blind user
original nist
advantages provided
intransitive verbs
passive rule
current emphasis
cases seem
vector format
tree aconj
constraint learning
presents many
pitch periods
control feature
yield worse
sense considered
syntactic dimensions
naming concepts
cas evaluation
critical ways
20 minutes
linking element
weak indicators
recognition complexity
system following
general language
method applies
valid derivations
papillon web
r together
semantic potential
using map
small frequencies
systems described
neutral conditions
yields significant
gle ne
cadena 1
dynamic incremental
satisfying condition
language utterance
head constituents
recognizes two
le syst
decided upon
producer attitudes
synset ids
extraction methodology
hmm method
syntactic reconstruction
length 4
expected input
first layer
general relationship
corresponding units
without loss
distinct types
made landfall
notation indicates
labeled dataset
three studies
simpler cases
karate champion
compound extraction
networks using
sign contains
synchronous grammars
based language
wsd accuracy
domain template
abstract specifications
speech alone
existing annotation
accuracy increase
wire texts
three variables
slots within
left inferences
crucially affects
reliable evidence
stapley et
item list
english dictionary
phenomenon would
english tree
candidate w
schwa alternation
seven verbs
interactive language
identified concepts
exclusion constraints
german discourse
also list
uniform account
verb subjects
output grammar
plan body
wrong parse
first chooses
source fragment
effort would
hnc inc
lexical patterns
component detects
ambiguous english
initial threshold
works best
transfer information
whole conceptual
corrected tag
alignment based
system consists
anaphoric cases
select patterns
several pieces
many arcs
problems whose
lazy copying
tag combination
vocabulary matrix
denote regular
list processing
system recall
amber would
independent relations
discourse development
conversion procedure
another interpretation
element within
verb gives
semantic density
issue addressed
corresponding cf
language oriented
construction specific
inclusion rate
david magerman
aotjt 1992
called constraints
see details
discuss results
exponential decay
weight terms
speed without
ideal essay
multiple taggers
parsing segmentation
spanish corpora
recall versus
special session
bakeoff standards
use conceptual
clause final
bug algorithm
returns zero
preference task
ge corporate
generates l
goal proposition
provable sequents
wordnet nouns
constructed grammar
produce surface
simple probability
similar models
first email
state university
en overraskelse
noun form
resulting sense
moortgat 1988
dendroid distribution
lexicalized parse
another path
pairs designated
simply finds
implies nothing
constraint 5
pronoun cannot
broad distinction
analysis without
output unit
analyzer must
new levels
patterns become
error decreased
atomic unification
mat system
lowest classes
context spaces
different sides
using mrds
information implicitly
formalism uses
section c
low baseline
navigation system
algorithm follows
implementable semantics
additional clues
stylistic level
average overlap
boundary tokens
instance represents
tile framework
hierarchical algorithms
japanese source
reduced size
graphical complexity
word insertions
qualitative assessment
form a1
equal words
major class
un arbre
matching proceeds
simple segmentation
system architecture
h b
number matching
nominal sentence
disambiguation experiment
style disjuncts
concept identifier
dialogue behaviors
efficient incremental
south korea
corner localisations
telephone dialogue
preliminary design
edge labelled
syntax error
frames representing
ts subtasks
additional statistical
criterion based
particular component
selected part
groups use
lo l
structure instead
ordering constraints
chunked data
syntactic point
verb constitutes
extracting key
entire span
direct goals
stochastic model
maintaining consistency
particular sentences
node causes
collected sentences
single symbols
education level
de bande
rule schemas
cue selection
general combinatory
year time
event reference
representation l
agreement links
flnite state
group theory
interface definition
variables corresponding
major effort
compute n
edges used
complete form
lfg recognition
distributed fashion
five hours
two scores
includes sentences
pat tern
situations occur
trouw data
lowest score
numbers may
static sense
wordnet equivalent
noun entity
soit le
compound head
traditional algorithms
way one
node l
cases together
training partitions
classifier systems
phrasal constraints
concentrative degree
line word
3 months
instance e
multiple asr
ten classes
conversations among
equation 12
performs almost
2500 words
boundary triphones
matching query
special marks
unique ncs
based literacy
bayes system
sentence fully
segments behave
bell discounting
speaker tag
index occurs
token ratio
explicitly confirm
three attribute
constituent pruning
features actually
tagging program
maximum arity
translational correspondence
noun categories
balanced parentheses
constituents must
achievement verbs
systems currently
lexeme entries
diminutive formation
pair sentences
working group
scientific terms
baseline significantly
u contains
kobayasi et
noun homographs
improving classification
flexible use
type test
null states
directory contains
central task
generic relations
linguistic output
note finally
incoming utterances
entity edi
using stand
traditional lr
individual components
get multiple
unknown vocabulary
name entities
provides sense
maximum advantage
act occurs
multiple regression
like parser
assignment rule
hendrix 1980
mathematical foundations
consistent values
possibly others
scale lexicon
include specific
english meaning
interface includes
43 words
primary interest
inflective languages
including pronominalization
parse failure
simple passive
final structures
active participants
cue may
underspecified discourse
simulation architecture
performance varies
estimation function
0 feature
collaborative effort
function noun
source words
etymological dictionary
trdr scores
annotation step
contextual influences
concordance analysis
first network
real usage
prove adequate
main predicates
possible alignment
labeling task
students read
tag vb
concept linked
parse fragments
typed text
cannot properly
probabilities given
iterative operations
root r
active part
attachment strategy
stochastic bracketing
clear improvements
measurements made
phonological domain
match scores
color value
english spelling
general relation
either begin
take nlp
rules provided
subcat frames
casualty reports
latin square
court case
children use
using documents
three types
elements consist
utterances using
actual position
binding principle
flat set
called constraint
list b
rhetorical predicate
yakushiji et
configurational languages
complete trees
network made
next search
rate rises
spread activation
given subjects
shortened forms
0 indicate
alternation applies
independent binary
overall classification
additional operation
official f
treebank following
three techniques
context analyzer
representations tend
individual heuristics
n fl
corresponding phrase
several domain
actual output
native morphemes
tale world
action sequence
versus 4
unregularised weights
position c
three primitive
record time
grams instead
possible paraphrases
lexical concepts
muc link
involves comparing
gave results
search algorithms
classical arabic
bill like
bank ii
relevant lloce
turn may
component maps
cs n
drop 577
room numbers
distinguish multiple
perplexity 9
tagging discourse
following analyses
compound nominalisations
record speech
characterizing indirect
selected axiom
old features
centering data
latter pair
agree among
disambiguation pages
motion actions
classification scores
ontosem ontology
system matched
positive errors
greater recall
also discover
semantic processing
approach avoids
first expression
criteria stated
labeled trees
matter covered
june 1997
online system
salient parts
linguistic capabilities
graphical interaction
unrestricted domain
two subtasks
block sequences
statistical considerations
task comes
entries within
complex fss
several candidate
search schemes
mainly concern
strategy implemented
instrument must
hampshire instruments
achieves 81
two observation
lines suggested
prose rhythm
prefixspan algorithm
gerald penn
locative relation
effectively communicate
relation maxim
c represents
goal satisfaction
chinese proposition
arc built
weak prediction
prior system
creative use
longer periods
process much
answers among
algorithm sets
represent conditions
detection might
apply information
right track
generate longer
appropriate strategies
short questionnaire
emerson 2003
contextual organization
far exceeds
sequence becomes
relation avec
treebank consists
e way
scheme proposed
prototypical structure
en fait
11 seconds
positive quantifiers
proper sentences
lexical aspects
rewrite equation
breath noise
build sets
isa model
grained probability
parsing runs
environment system
general summaries
pages 77
terms contained
several participants
overlapping fragments
driven operation
social interactions
player owns
constituent categories
among entities
proximity field
dale 1989
tasks 1
poor job
text containing
statistical clustering
rule developer
topic language
use character
data generation
concise form
without overt
choice c
identifying discourse
svm system
row indicates
aho et
fewer problems
updating process
output instead
running experiments
working backwards
parallel strategy
skilled labor
synsets associated
search radius
context structure
another list
link must
crossing rate
neuro taggers
words sharing
encyclopedia articles
recipe corpus
minor types
rosetta translation
greater computational
previous name
rl r2
tile training
host tree
disambiguation procedures
grained segmentation
references made
550 sentences
possible error
without c
domain includes
english tag
japanese sentences
attribute refers
evaluation time
without antecedents
various models
tractable inference
present comparative
transliteration system
equivalent proofs
illustrate different
pendant une
zero score
trivial grammar
c e
output modalities
human entities
well students
ones learned
5875 utterance
classify relations
algorithm incorporates
inherent problem
comlex entries
consensus summaries
algorithm described
input grammars
bus stops
current vertex
ending vertex
alternating tree
cooccurrence network
conditional link
subsequent query
main technique
referring nps
kernel setups
item values
induction algorithms
scientific community
clarification subdialog
subcat frame
acceptable coreference
sentences describing
ideas outlined
mixed set
tfs type
entire complex
correct brackets
c follows
attributes within
e inferences
coreference link
show promise
grammatical entities
combined speech
overfitting phenomena
thanks go
cases however
achieve goals
boundaries identified
final requirement
component recognizers
boundary relations
instance sets
dictionary lookups
asl natives
developer may
work would
essential prerequisite
decision structures
chosen text
place holder
containing millions
one post
arcs leading
relative simplicity
5 results
strict requirement
contemporary syntactic
graph notation
generic corpus
roots en
english order
easily select
successfully learns
grammar tbrmalisms
method made
math minor
casual transliterations
weight based
program generates
number two
name pattern
cfg backbone
relies entirely
bilingual production
english vocabulary
best pattern
empirical model
productions systems
machine resources
value added
scientific writings
gazetteer module
text cannot
great role
using structure
negative effect
training sets
closed domains
parse matching
ji hua
chicago university
tv programs
2 runs
14th century
sort discussed
rather extreme
scale linguistic
learning software
grammars considered
generic approach
3 consists
dep propagation
4 candidates
contains 17
subsequent error
dynamic environment
compare documents
simple generation
prime implicants
clear distinctions
frequency one
implementation time
features test
structured representations
best thought
continue set
describing parsers
te l
example search
dependent pairs
ed hy
new domains
kobsa 1988
handle scope
underlying representation
handling applications
generator described
english involves
type observed
automatically classifies
specify grammars
smaller grammar
flawed grammar
hpsg parser
kbp generates
factors determining
pos taggers
bases containing
new call
navy database
parse times
model would
upper lobe
fragments extracted
prior words
search states
query analyzer
bill walks
coreferring nps
best confidence
relevant application
compare two
rf2 files
delivery system
underlined parts
becomes unnecessary
description languages
briefly reviewing
n adj
large corpora
phonological changes
entity relations
initial generic
feature pairs
pensons que
canonical stemma
structuring primitives
features suggested
sign translation
free approach
raw corpus
necessary changes
partial description
sparkle project
heuristic word
results would
c f
rate reaches
possible variations
syntactic type
n points
contains entities
collocation functions
zhang san
url pattern
specialized domains
single lexemes
occurring cases
disambiguate word
allomorphic variants
mixed system
narrative moves
path linking
ahead symbol
hlt servers
considerable information
training described
trees respectively
entropy tagging
distant words
human perception
type table
generates exactly
h partir
line model
first alignment
approach remains
purpose vlsi
two cities
describes three
minimum string
full phrases
anaphoric terms
facilitate integration
mechanism prevents
choice allows
noun seeds
jerrold kaplan
moderate results
elementary type
absolute measure
composite representation
q given
offs associated
email addresses
statistical corpus
description corresponds
simple formulation
arguments supporting
reasoning processes
polarity dataset
null case
computation must
models used
attribute c
subdivision level
model linguistic
reductio ad
broadest coverage
continuing research
extraposition grammars
generate predictions
dictionary master
rather abstract
surrounding tokens
constituents play
analysis applications
discourse usage
maps p
semantic process
smaller unit
telepresence system
current layer
identified noun
values provided
independent version
visual appearance
weight assignments
figure 5c
temporal implicatures
statistical approach
required sense
specific spindle
examples selected
gain using
al results
optimal classifier
example begins
intended content
next result
deficient model
lois believes
topic signature
tour eiffel
linguistic representations
two specifications
scalar values
considerable work
stocks rose
system included
pattern feature
nonmonotonic information
ideas developed
stem pair
similar procedure
express interest
third method
verb tenses
necessary ones
state st
15 pairs
constrained language
texts include
define default
estimates word
es aux
flag diacritics
problem instances
base results
author used
components c
pangloss project
knight et
general models
presents related
ambiguities associated
appropriate task
content c
onto elements
whose truth
present problems
adding strings
time n
edge 1
kyoto corpus
crucial difference
sidner attention
clusters would
new facts
plural present
label according
prague czech
encoding practices
intentions determine
geographic locations
ranked hypothesis
probabilistic treatment
sentiment analysis
tile internal
arbitrary words
level input
comprehensive model
textual source
specification mark
wordnet assigns
effectively represent
number structure
performance improvements
homonym selection
metrics using
improved segmenter
technology must
first query
robert moore
reasonable speed
use rm
kempson et
generate rules
act processing
estimated recall
graphic user
corresponding binary
term associations
whose entropy
statistical behavior
work showed
evoke predicate
transcribed according
good resource
directly express
provide knowledge
stack node
sentence tokenization
shou xu
resulting utterance
terminal nt
different errors
facilitate future
new individual
null argument
lexicon search
binary file
best cover
support various
components use
pass filter
input samples
avoid unnecessary
rule 0
year 2000
requires time
unlisted words
two partitions
incremental application
topic relation
cn models
structure view
exceeds 0
auxiliary storage
solution pipeline
five versions
following discussions
abstract framework
multiple distinct
links would
strictest sense
meanings must
4 note
ii q
algorithms may
wise method
manual assignment
words occurring
metaphorical mapping
check list
internet users
offers support
use automatic
branching analyses
realize discourse
overall importance
maltese falcon
missing components
september 2003
sentence passes
full covariance
related attributes
word distances
sur ces
hebrew text
first error
phonetic words
proximity fields
aining data
73 words
uncertainty regarding
studies involving
boundary approach
entire documents
improved translation
guiding structure
two e
pairs give
learning feature
prediction rules
deeper processing
statistical comparisons
learning examples
mus ofnumber
clustering text
expected risk
intelligent tutor
boundary site
semantic viewpoint
satisfactory method
data using
express certain
cannot restrict
reordering model
original candidate
feature hyperspace
normalized pitch
html tag
restaurant facility
standard association
us model
countability per
present participial
grammar format
need hand
traditional case
best chains
scored incorrect
scoring block
results showed
encoded knowledge
message header
unified theory
tag specifications
theoretical basis
fusion task
candidates 3
new problems
scoring results
considered language
contiguity constraints
resonant tunne
fixed input
parser skips
refinement activated
drink water
possible directions
evaluation guidelines
occurrence set
6 let
longer description
patterns whose
lexicon development
256 entries
phrase name
1 lexicon
selected categories
frontier element
10 texts
empirical question
delimited sequence
pausal duration
similarity links
common expressions
sites may
regular association
graphical attributes
context extension
usually corresponds
john turned
variation due
success using
avoid bias
cette premiere
economic situation
segmentation research
1993 wsj
entity corpus
word stems
tagset mapping
computational e
selected trees
characters respectively
random annotation
training framework
prepo relation
transtbrmation rules
ix based
52056 aachen
active form
prototype theory
input components
incidents number
pragmatic goals
prosodic pattern
supervised baseline
three members
first approximation
influence decisions
table summarizes
slot called
phrase completion
final particles
features observed
relationship information
performing reference
unique relation
base axes
including object
classify proper
standard semantic
infer additional
tag represents
quick overview
generation routine
free version
salience factors
talent agency
natural input
september 2001
databases like
corpus like
vertical lines
oriented knowledge
change ontology
negated term
existing segmentation
connection structure
cfg chunk
zero occurrences
central problem
noun chunk
kay 79
multiple match
cover certain
baseline obtained
specifications provided
control logic
experiments showed
since processing
chooser must
shows quite
analysis research
news clusters
fashion without
enable future
inflection identification
boolean expressions
main items
vocalic consonants
whose appearance
avoid infinite
best context
potential energy
likely contain
technology entitled
via structure
e comme
likely occur
inverse process
taxonomic information
word precision
regular semantic
recency rule
parse two
network communication
new developments
collocations found
account dependencies
meng et
overall runtime
system rst
w f
annotated databases
clausal structures
work backwards
government documents
one source
standard labels
seeking behavior
generate variants
multiple parents
sense vector
rich resource
propositions could
illocutionary point
difference exceeds
realistic environment
modeling language
initial subcat
section headings
descriptive sentences
terms removed
new member
affective state
languages would
without interruption
case particle
system requests
cooking tv
particular pairs
le tilburg
collected pairs
different fi
describes various
say john
subcorpus consists
worn around
nomad system
recall levels
subclass relation
terrorist group
resultant dg
throughout training
effective manner
grammar modifications
free relatives
given hypothesis
information added
lexical noun
mfcdcn algorithm
tag e
technical issues
125 sentences
potential cbs
underspecified elements
sue madly
voice interactive
local relations
standard may
subtle sense
person cannot
event nouns
tree kernels
acquired scfs
training criteria
abductive theorem
search engine
implicit communication
within discourse
calculate precision
remains unspecified
care unit
reports progress
common factor
tokenization errors
standard first
jelinek 90
document relations
different environment
march 1984
phrase functions
data homogeneity
entity2 slots
learn decision
original taxonomy
parse selected
particular predicate
using pronouns
theme sentences
question classes
remains incomplete
form plus
actual dialogues
inflected forms
algorithm picks
source sequences
problems raised
questions include
would output
introductory course
polish owczarek
quality annotations
la pattie
involves training
transducer t2
fresh start
pumpable substrings
open node
vector quality
crl data
study focuses
relation pattern
speech content
alignment model
techniques show
b trees
typical value
elect alfredo
two thirty
mumble system
meaningful difference
v h
nontrivial repairs
stylesheet language
figure illustrates
correct domain
new policy
center stage
overwhelming amount
textual component
decision tasks
distribution environments
value p
specific occurrence
provide clues
word subject
top joint
explicit indication
factoid detection
full source
local clustering
case arises
textual sentences
antecedent information
brief period
sql generation
tree indicates
extraction templates
also account
potential application
sense distribution
casual conversation
13 years
existential proposition
stoplisted model
paper abstracts
js divergence
combination occurs
high frequent
operators applied
little context
series decomposition
12 features
absorption state
gate architecture
finnish language
building tool
recall curves
overall content
cile l
separate analysis
local descriptors
cognitive difficulty
response patterns
unlinked instances
term coordinations
see slocum
alternative markers
input analysis
general electric
sparse vectors
constituency rules
node n1
one human
new transducer
strong domain
gene normalization
quantificational structures
leonardo da
resources permit
similar subjects
phrases allows
discriminative transliteration
document descriptors
200 msec
cumulative number
online access
single cluster
written sentence
application scenario
new cases
tight interaction
structure design
word written
total summation
graphs representing
null assuming
initiative dialog
english parsing
dialog phases
constraint graph
robustness rules
initial np
enough evidence
container nouns
two proofs
locality conditions
language still
personal information
information remains
treasury bills
possible dependents
based frameworks
nlp technique
phonological categories
severely limit
three extractors
complex structures
language processing
set contributes
positive reviews
way classifier
model rule
si e
anaphor ana
parse structure
standard linear
later passes
given goal
assigned task
also entails
rightward complete
neighborhood topology
full expressive
following f
phi coefficient
experiences using
text production
conclusions regarding
participants using
green hall
janus speech
developing applications
set tm
accented letters
pollen forecast
attribute appears
3rd sing
instances within
processing time
provides insufficient
lm weight
action represented
level ambiguity
improve coherence
following definition
testing condition
original ones
continued growth
rule cycles
null ties
16 properties
extracts phrase
occurrence words
generalized markup
regular nouns
filter candidate
accuracy performance
grammatical context
helm 1982
interesting application
process looks
information explicit
processing speech
symbolic knowledge
serious candidate
next block
filler allotment
topic models
current ideas
since b
target nouns
style tagger
section briefly
figure 7
r according
sentence reductions
shift towards
slot definition
possible permutations
also tells
corner ancestor
file data
comparison reveals
fertility models
longer utterances
tree chosen
running em
statistical term
errors flagged
complete corpus
20 members
general cfgs
destination flag
role fillers
encouraging performance
baseline corresponds
sphinx recognizer
takes account
section contains
vanderwende 1994
priming effects
cancer research
represent phrases
canonical subcategorization
deverbal noun
predicate using
lehrstuhl f
dramatic reduction
differentiates among
unlike speech
central features
associated pairs
ample evidence
particular edge
keyword index
pronunciation p
utterance includes
state means
tim translation
known domain
complete approach
sera plus
sentence already
probabilistic dictionary
times x
probabilistic tree
parenthetical unit
sls performance
appropriate paraphrase
worse precision
school chinese
ranked parse
complete state
generation part
ctd strategy
verbal subcategorization
using ml
seg g
labeled corpus
interface provides
rule tries
concept inventory
extra set
left unaligned
exhaustive coindexation
comprehensive survey
smoothed trigram
derived language
japanese postposition
net effect
several nlp
subsection 4
december 31
topic selection
like words
becker et
large speech
includes facilities
proposed plan
theoretical issue
local corpus
design options
either f
five occurrences
associated predicate
builds trees
technical term
merging templates
industry city
determining verb
world situation
continuous variables
dynamic reversibility
time cost
lower figures
action questions
target equivalent
field f
kenneth w
unusual cases
every noun
intelligence analyst
document corpus
promising candidates
tag sets
subsidiary acts
rule depends
promising areas
utterance expresses
noun semantics
gram w
loom knowledge
local approach
appropriate questions
100 utterances
basic architecture
problem occurs
remaining steps
reduced tag
chart structure
vector representing
generation code
segment modeling
relation gr
field definition
unsupervised pos
marker r
query posed
negative similarity
basic computational
following sets
current alignment
punctuation problems
observation provides
large factor
corresponding term
plan might
units 2
score rows
title query
sls tests
correlation coefficients
25 percent
example involving
segment similarity
incident type
vp attachments
string version
relation requires
formal characterization
bit different
level rules
independent texts
ti sentences
document side
latter would
verb occupies
hierarchy proposed
properties shared
recursive lexical
preliminary form
require evidence
valuable input
ten thousand
bodirsky et
based procedure
de saussure
based clir
web news
observation dependence
chinese wordde
natural tool
existent relation
boolean random
global evidence
rules acting
ordinal regression
words located
legal fills
cl al
obj ect
cluster label
wrong sense
th state
givenness hierarchy
various choices
base connection
uses different
binomial log
treebank annotators
000 verb
typical set
legitimate words
table shows
natural mapping
preceding word
predicate talk
fields consist
initial mapping
parsing application
quantifier phrase
system precision
case pattern
ns representations
describes initial
semana passada
specified order
dominates x
valence features
main thing
sentence usually
agent orange
valid ways
features take
extract named
background model
korean syntactic
redundancy elimination
covering relation
object becomes
another object
prior approaches
address problems
possible heads
path could
exists among
rate adverbs
small computational
contain every
full sentences
coordination relation
one concern
language b
2 bits
de b
temporal adverbs
hpsg system
order processes
comprehension processes
soames 1982
boundary conditions
definition based
constituent dominating
four systems
opinion corpus
perfect progressive
expressing knowledge
engineering standpoint
mapping engine
source software
consistent differences
differ considerably
objects x
argument form
another frame
text conveys
xml authoring
co module
shifts focus
critical step
examination reveals
current query
unifying approach
subsumption operations
selection among
cue n
word rather
trouve derri
simple application
word john
polish sentences
different constructs
ordre du
packed nodes
change one
possible analyses
cognate sense
tim current
tools required
product algorithm
comparing performance
negative contexts
string based
clustered data
graph 3
management module
although web
resource limitation
dynamic problem
referent sets
bayes assumption
error corrector
simple trigram
normalized pairwise
document cube
example introduced
domain provides
averaged f
strong collocations
one estimates
several multi
soft drinks
obvious application
important unit
systematic manner
types corresponding
field sets
left child
brockway walked
shuffle constraint
yon der
quality estimation
degenerate strokes
column five
bilingual machine
main type
italian dictionary
final sentence
fixed rules
tree a15
candidate syllables
free automaton
forms according
translation speed
concatenated form
whose c
another decision
foreign affairs
various subjects
adjectives plus
generative view
whose antecedents
algorithm parses
un algorithme
arbitrary sequences
two anchors
domain dependence
structural match
selection involves
global meaning
algorithm clearly
alegria et
arguments often
paper concentrates
given topic
english bilingual
group size
corpus annotation
typical system
alternative continuations
fundamental problem
spatial metaphor
warren 1979
structure matches
th th
svd algorithm
group style
common interface
interface strategies
morphological change
also bc
formant transition
conversational mode
situation makes
node v
davidsonian event
see alshawi
style characteristic
phrases composed
eliminating features
3 annotators
whose cardinality
good parser
information p
given parse
supports two
function p
ibm word
employ syntactic
rate per
essay topic
several machine
dutch grammar
different focus
noise candidates
unlabeled exact
useful property
pc using
assign partial
line lexical
subjacency principle
shortest tour
direct consequences
include anaphora
isolated constituents
initial rules
better treatment
linguistic literature
complementary methods
subsequent analyses
sentence sentence
representing meaning
word adjacency
highlight semantic
computational framework
whose use
update task
identifying attributes
founded approach
interpret user
writing skills
tels que
third choice
standard alignments
electronic text
popular biomedical
polysemous senses
second way
two statements
corpus initiative
per subject
smaller average
round robin
pitch region
distribution probability
6 f
document files
class ce
scores derived
second dimension
documents become
v 6
single items
multiple expressions
effect size
nirenburg 1995
highest probability
meaningful analysis
automatic acoustic
language within
single morphological
related goal
two person
candidate topic
extra words
high con
parliament corpus
certain strings
6 definition
japanese experiments
similar constituents
census data
mapping bitext
des langues
two criteria
similar strategy
final aim
original entity
fruitful discussions
embedded clause
rather ad
leading subpath
coherent sets
keyboard system
lexical module
obtained patterns
candidate parse
phrases etc
basic claim
model non
cycling edge
first distinction
normalization would
edge limit
text form
tune set
close attention
termes de
recursive scheme
group within
task called
cikket irok
basic phrasal
simpler word
feature fj
additional errors
compact parse
elle permet
fly application
answers obtained
class imbalance
deux fois
da tagset
original categories
state cascade
fronted verb
use special
phonological similarities
allowed patterns
japanese linguistics
4 units
nested contexts
entity must
grammar proposed
telephone enquiry
robust training
main improvement
tag framework
cart trees
seymore et
sentential operator
optional modifiers
1 rule
agent g
different formalisms
represent source
whole series
definite non
international joint
monolingual clustering
humor recognition
research initiative
behave exactly
sentences involves
database format
also differences
method overcomes
show first
dekade environment
unit interpretation
earlier sentence
evaluatio n
sager et
therefore b
add information
within w
alexandersson et
dat jan
used classifiers
possible compositions
training sequence
prede ned
severe problem
one vector
semantic groups
valid surface
topics contained
set sf
derivations yield
combines top
user intends
space methods
stage method
record containing
section l
stem would
inflectional languages
dependent message
combines features
called backward
tony hall
features previously
relationships via
typical words
child word
complex tasks
frequent occurrences
factors need
greater precision
preceding event
model base
probabilistic tag
pairs extracted
traditional recall
action features
help characterize
hidden information
reasonable quality
focusing structure
good weighting
representation schemes
effect within
request sentence
differences caused
components shown
np recognition
action also
erroneous inference
linguistic mismatch
sgml documents
balances recall
item difficulty
explanation e
pragmatic pronoun
final interpretations
general quantifier
using light
recognize named
structure disambiguation
phrase always
category expressions
true path
approximate string
global nature
text compression
match criteria
appropriate features
translation mapping
vp respectively
de montreal
new terms
basenp recognition
transitivity bias
ambiguous lemmas
adjective like
node node
another pair
male subjects
abbreviated version
proposed techniques
principles based
water pump
strong tea
technical texts
training strategies
uses support
first sememe
verification step
adjectival forms
common comparator
l results
correct phonemes
marking nodes
good evaluation
specific phenomena
wang optimization
clause identifier
right recursions
text categories
partial discourse
semsyn project
connectives like
502 verbs
issue questions
longer summaries
systematic bias
case relationships
syntactic subcategorisation
2a shows
many fields
lunar system
unit function
editor 2003
individual processors
gram attributes
longer paper
key problem
buena vista
rule interpreter
attribute contains
small gazetteers
taggers work
syntactic operations
noise levels
tense character
corresponding texts
thematic frame
unique identi
appropriateness score
k occurs
using events
general satisfaction
lattice path
concrete evidence
like make
fifth section
based scfg
quality level
similar hypothesis
c 9
several positions
distinctive characteristics
abstraction step
f based
ranking provided
semantic chunker
system evaluated
ct tokenization
selected corpus
head constraint
class learning
since tbl
nonmonotonic sort
method since
traditional computational
morphological process
new fact
uniform rule
previous instance
tense suffix
constant parameter
valuable tool
tense operators
go shopping
bucket b
eating event
elementary operations
standard quantifier
consecutive strings
event name
find instances
attribute level
parent word
types defined
contact records
owl ontologies
tentative set
two lemmas
conditional part
given story
two training
annotated c
system ability
alvey grant
question difficulty
council grant
techniques alone
insertion cost
predetermined threshold
distortion limit
thirty percent
savings account
marginal totals
test showed
pivot points
partitive constructions
objective concept
pertinent features
lexicon resources
dialogues must
christy doran
representation yields
geometrical properties
rst schema
ill addition
tentatively conclude
prohibits us
system chooses
subject interpretation
control mechanisms
analyses involving
verbes du
ts l
involving nouns
computer environment
tense logics
clause word
implicitly contains
null rect
side b
noun collocation
stage classifiers
local term
acquisition module
sound way
results hold
lexical specification
outside resources
thls example
word rate
10 propositions
e maps
hunger strikes
triphone contexts
dedicated system
state set
male gender
crf using
word separately
media lab
gap values
organization specialist
specific methods
split verbs
order domain
many pre
network data
content level
consensus building
rule invocation
communicator program
thorough evaluation
system rather
word segmentor
online newspaper
engine mt
annotators use
filters apply
np end
dirichlet distributions
katrina hit
context whose
erroneous phrases
noun translations
map input
sequence wl
salton 1971
later sentence
labeled conditions
advantages include
tagging strategy
classes p
adjoining operations
direct output
sense used
corpus et
much computational
limited error
phrases shown
purely context
given root
entire description
good value
grammatical constituent
previous explanation
viterbi parses
3 years
transducer formalism
valence lists
link sentences
filtering heuristics
concrete meaning
latter rule
set perplexities
trauma team
feature captures
last function
many tests
system programs
every module
different problem
une analyse
current directions
current muc
distinctions required
incomplete constituents
fragment base
planner cannot
task definition
level elements
00 a1
related topic
see sidner
real language
features result
recognizing idioms
adjacent arguments
subject function
name information
show tha
rounded boxes
programming course
wcdg parser
match training
best information
among annotators
filter removes
automatic classi
neighborhood grammar
thread mode
capitalized characters
directly state
gave betsy
aldezabal et
rules correspond
bracket pair
climbing method
resulting processing
coherent framework
sgml tagging
discrimination among
adding words
infinitival vp
texts read
ibm model
segments comprising
plain terms
box methods
summarization filters
regions must
lexicographical order
llr scores
character segment
opinion holder
adjective hyperonyms
pure sentence
class 5
various constituents
frequency estimate
cluster contained
main reference
goal location
significant effects
grammar g2
make language
based stemmer
factors like
corpora might
best alternatives
generic phrases
model generates
active state
hoc task
following parameter
rejection level
five months
modern ir
sequence learning
proof rules
human annotators
manual check
theory specifies
individual aspect
combining form
formal rules
technology advances
accented item
original machine
analyses made
zhao zhao
involves keeping
preposition used
english languages
incoming thread
creation dates
represent sentences
lexicalized forms
location nes
ed kneser
called potential
rules reflect
target name
quantitative analyses
mpqa corpus
available sense
level annotation
include capitalization
new issues
models contain
a68 a43
human interactions
minimal description
lexical mappings
prosodic constituent
manual grammar
presented approach
corresponding entries
retrieve documents
hierarchical phrasal
h un
wise bag
peripheral components
external relations
relation rel
zellig harris
cooccurrence scores
five weeks
full nps
defeasible inferences
different bigrams
user supplied
combination matching
derived models
major application
related clauses
event posteriors
pronominal definite
entities extraction
training task
english corresponds
known entity
reduction would
metrics show
available standard
one measures
way 1
strategy applies
limited comprehension
dop method
three areas
geographical place
seem problematic
document must
maximize accuracy
acceptance space
becomes central
autoslog dictionary
general n
two l
choices depend
violates one
word summary
relational pattern
involve language
percolation table
word paraphrases
nearest one
associated stack
update equation
file first
entry whose
potential ways
analyzer produces
real numbers
estimated precision
remain relatively
complex determiner
slight generalization
impact factor
tone language
output code
grown auxiliary
like approaches
une longue
particular message
marking text
statistical phrases
application may
learning concepts
corpus achieved
standard functions
technique incorporates
clustering models
learning capability
technique described
modules together
normal ngram
dot represents
infectious disease
rightmost leaf
single type
spatial arrangement
vc dimension
error tags
combining categories
leftmost derivations
current stratum
relies crucially
system usable
hot springs
correct answer
stanford parser
individual classifier
terrorism domain
specialized version
ranks documents
1 non
large intermediate
nal value
surface natural
new collection
primary importance
art systems
many meanings
renate henschel
chosen nouns
trec 2004
line subtree
ambiguous parses
verbal group
adjunct arguments
cannot show
thus rule
type introduced
word speaker
real phenomenon
biological definition
computational l
pair according
one center
little work
si training
another difficulty
modified constituent
used wordnet
pronominal candidates
selecting features
add x
similarity template
linear search
data show
geographical knowledge
scoring metrics
english function
arbitrary feature
sales department
tokenization problem
al language
cast doubt
iterative bootstrapping
create another
second shows
random runs
transducer representing
improved algorithms
tim three
picture representation
electronic data
standard n
causative constructions
clause event
slightly simpler
end database
linguistic skills
callmeier 2000
issues worth
number whose
investigating techniques
related references
particular experiment
local minimum
stratal approaches
become interested
analysis reveals
john drives
better evidence
paths found
normalization rule
certain value
surface case
binding sites
grammatical information
debusmann et
production systems
part based
semantic discrimination
la v
base language
without translation
assumptions regarding
lists based
lemma table
trained classifier
30 p
remaining clauses
discussion focuses
revision would
specific topics
weighted edges
operation 2
full amount
word error
high efficiency
module consists
boldface type
specific approaches
deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft
correct acronym
notation p
pitch slope
contraction sets
individual metaphors
model assumed
ai capone
rejection thresholds
additional piece
unlabelled dependency
one premise
words marked
msa treebank
alignment scheme
answer recomposition
features individually
human work
special mention
good set
grammatical alternatives
100 trials
corresponding model
linguistic organization
future task
course since
line 15
literals may
bard et
existing application
christmas tree
plan must
naturally extends
drug store
abney 1990
al hamra
unobserved events
character basis
observations may
grammar representing
matching sets
15 mph
indirect way
phonetic feature
tia system
shortest paths
segment types
practical context
random generation
different registers
news sites
changed positions
discourse utterances
one instantiation
lu xiang
possible f
normal dialogue
negative weights
speakers reading
state implicature
many inconsistencies
ie annotations
touch screen
noun clusters
space overhead
use similarity
important issue
commonsense reasoning
final recognition
based strategy
occurring word
reversible automaton
partition scheme
person answers
n pp
compression model
also stem
original author
mean similarity
algebraic equations
text critiquing
paper presentation
data exhibit
execution stack
chinese location
pairs set
possible definition
cl reference
special interface
closed term
directly uses
individual fields
categorial language
formula given
allow extraction
state syntax
direct bearing
tutoring systems
remains unanswered
topa11 a21
clustering may
contains information
expressions around
dynamic activation
rule i0
se fait
optimal classification
g1 believes
prosodic information
system separately
language transcriptions
supervised classifier
best position
1 find
coronary bypass
two notions
saw v
exemplar based
slot provides
structured ka
values correspond
e occurs
boundaries according
analogous way
process includes
include every
functional subject
given way
containing instances
significant accuracy
end client
name written
improvement provided
dale 89
bell labs
ordinary text
added rules
increases substantially
given dimension
sentence recognition
110 set
word initially
time new
level class
v features
extended use
gram probability
without alteration
two lattices
grained sense
entity phrases
combine trees
probable combination
1 hold
verbal aspect
sentence positions
9 types
one document
terms extracted
complex sentence
automatic abstracting
salience hierarchy
function effect
base numbers
month period
good system
hybrid word
coordinate structure
resolve anaphors
3 fails
extensional reasoning
component structure
one session
unlabelled instances
w h
every suffix
2 show
estimate parameters
larger pool
dimensions corresponding
exactly cover
news cluster
parallel web
quality translation
effective approach
sets due
ranked constraint
independent human
hub 1
probabilistic parsing
straight lines
represents information
best partial
polarity sensitivity
physical data
f word
model induced
german clauses
normal course
la score
binary case
via recursive
gram smoothing
accuracies among
verbs agree
satellites comes
gram segmentation
supporting systems
four seconds
20 candidates
potential surface
subcategorization restrictions
use gold
top pane
property slot
given article
question stem
potential correspondence
larger grammars
evaluation participants
text author
low user
dependent expressions
use contexts
provide brief
positive occurrence
distributive copying
l stands
milch et
instantiated predicate
test paradigm
data integration
sissa manager
indefinite references
uncertain examples
95 dialogs
automated language
various cost
specific lexicons
preliminary corpus
theories give
probabilities tend
sentiment classifier
structured knowledge
coreference resolvers
word aligner
possibilities must
planning architectures
search decoder
analysis allows
account makes
interesting future
one r
unified treatment
dominance rules
primary content
lexical default
structure regardless
wei duo
extensive amount
preferred candidate
hpsg approaches
scores lower
accuracy without
naval messages
stops turning
information resulting
qui se
underlying intentions
preliminary approach
original motivation
rank competing
example text
requiring non
consistent quasi
third verb
compact way
modification rule
corpus comprising
focused item
frequency 1
definition model
texts extracted
sentential feature
hoc solutions
weighting technique
verbmobil data
mixed cases
translation quality
reliably assign
thematic differences
x fl
clause extraposition
known machine
conditions one
yingl wen2
ditto reading
node g
integrated nlp
relation information
text chunk
developed theories
central goals
typical sequences
decreased performance
strong similarities
rules provides
ace project
unseen hanzi
features results
independent recognizer
simple ways
avoid confusing
reliably judge
phenomenon holds
context variable
trips system
words unambiguously
free source
realization grammar
ne learner
np jacques
language groups
features introduced
following sequence
string model
internet using
user accepts
size corpus
structure syntaxique
average duration
oh j
reduce ambiguity
wrong antecedent
larger difference
des coups
sentence via
window context
control module
task addressed
form label
contain key
obvious ways
current drs
provide finer
complex temporal
1 generates
hardware store
utterance strategies
many modifiers
numerical estimates
relational context
words proposed
cle uses
n strings
sentence structuring
syllable models
formula corresponding
candidate inferences
cannot continue
japanese corpora
gaussian functions
obligatory objects
relative comparison
word category
actual statistic
research addressing
information created
detailed knowledge
7 fields
class recognition
certain set
figure 4a
another lexicon
two requirements
clusters induced
semantic selectional
require world
iteratively updates
three cars
values higher
final stress
grammars used
correct positions
success depends
argument state
system summary
contains precision
wh word
less ad
algorithm per
following strategies
arrow properties
wine bottle
quantified mass
conceptual entities
personality type
chapter describes
maximum value
choice list
paul smolensky
receives one
indicate potential
using discourse
poor recognition
abstract things
exploring techniques
situation must
idiosyncratic properties
extracted collocations
data consisted
disambiguating knowledge
true values
hopkins university
k b
group dynamics
specific software
function pull
declarative definition
string indices
incremental probabilistic
every p
box 88
morphological structure
route de
rich system
approach ensures
input field
address issues
terms represent
work without
morphology approach
works like
corresponding question
virtual reality
structures except
system query
computational requirements
nal system
template includes
sentence stress
per summary
approximate number
model gets
useful observations
terminal names
fewer entries
put limits
potential head
large vocabularies
turn suggests
la directive
la transcription
part de
consist entirely
umls metathesaurus
combinator b
r assigns
october 1990
automatic knowledge
smaller part
taxonomic links
high sentence
constraints include
jan hajivc
communicative functionality
distinct names
also examine
two igs
authority value
line qa
unl hypergraph
goal concept
sense probabilities
keyword phrase
compute q
single reference
underlying phrase
paper ends
improves robustness
pronoun uses
seven teams
n pos
source lan
model estimated
level achieved
sonority hierarchy
parser combined
main advantages
french ones
similar story
wildcard character
represents mary
editing session
reusable module
building syntactic
message passing
lexical characteristics
next utterances
unix system
reduction rule
20 note
higher importance
original matrix
extraction process
explicit relationship
given constraint
recognition application
analysis paths
output form
speech annotations
sublanguage grammars
approximated polya
model without
scores thus
per speaker
first definition
values include
adjective class
tool based
use inside
disambiguation tasks
system error
systems produced
main operations
propagation node
dzeroski et
head dependency
processing cannot
discrete value
per second
integrated multi
training questions
system extracts
coarticulation modeling
name john
order differenced
texts represent
complex physical
incomplete parse
act verbs
generation starts
wordnet method
layout units
recognizer makes
final situation
prolog style
role templates
considerable number
individual meanings
key occurrence
results without
result given
erroneous sentences
sentence given
polynomial parsing
4 messages
independent morphemes
tree transform
problems specific
minimum ratio
semantics level
edited text
exact method
2 depends
means adding
units correspond
complete phrases
inflection paradigm
see rule
atn approach
schemata used
larger samples
collins 1997
discourse relation
speakers might
called b
loebner contest
unique n
fuji gardens
canonical paradigm
np appearing
c denotes
red blood
accurately locate
order entity
np verb
selection algorithm
source parts
various parse
items retrieved
using morph
dictionary contains
necessary conditions
seventh collegiate
time constraint
predicative arguments
probability p
transfer knowledge
disjoint union
complement type
right relations
infer information
per error
intelligence corporation
domain problem
matching criteria
surface properties
graphs using
stylistic differences
like lm
like feature
probably help
robust csr
indian ocean
text correctly
generated text
word junctures
incremental adaptation
labeled phrases
increasing b
input logical
directional slash
informal test
full assertions
paper aims
spelling forms
technical survey
l2 learners
original semantics
help explain
whose execution
rules h
tion 4
large mt
byrne et
include head
give structure
crucial notion
experiments without
generative manner
collecting counts
learning mechanisms
use plan
text records
text independent
match exactly
column entries
couple de
hmm ie
simple surface
simple extraction
level abstraction
dependent bunsetsu
generic sentences
simple correspondence
su detection
computer problem
trivial ones
taxonomy based
ner may
agan et
spent approximately
relevant key
extensive experiments
fact quite
design problems
costa et
revision rule
people read
evaluation dataset
system initially
preferred ones
scale multilingual
new word
user wishes
separate classifier
4 version
output trees
part word
way classification
common domain
repeating part
positive implications
important design
reiter 1990
translates japanese
definition question
body parts
search requests
first sets
n means
database quality
theorist framework
nikkei shinbun
intervening space
domain coverage
segments using
minimal relation
91 test
comprehensive database
case information
crucial aspect
field engineers
parsing theory
particular expressions
ew relation
canned text
verb frequency
dans certains
improve inter
one obtains
dominance net
strong stress
anaphoric character
several computer
specialized texts
core structure
section concludes
weight distribution
surface descriptions
machine may
acquire translation
alternative realization
key paragraph
candidate web
derivational morphology
abductive interpretation
iterative expectation
ill table
march 24
report produced
related constraints
derivation step
s6quence de
unreliable similarity
includes expressions
human ability
sproat 1992
utilisation des
features appropriate
intuitive basis
et b
specific lm
linguistic clues
specific feature
interface features
2005 srl
patent data
colin powell
show n
certain words
specific examples
similar amounts
mode system
correct given
brennan et
interface also
show improved
raw sentences
annotation format
following task
ten common
extracted sentence
square root
style model
blue ball
polarity automaton
another company
several translations
pronunciation modeling
collaborative activities
text semantics
cheap transition
point scores
syntactic status
markov logic
holy grave
japanese stories
rewriting operation
relevant sources
systematic approach
maximum set
nth position
operation ratio
another localizer
likely candidate
threshold could
simple theory
subsystem consists
schedule information
certain simplifications
also rule
reduce complexity
best repair
use variables
representativeness measure
aspectual interpretation
content file
overhead required
sized text
regression trees
speech regions
see ss
parsing purposes
example utterances
estimating probabilities
theory tells
based sample
w 6
branching parses
text corresponding
element like
also varies
intermediate syntactic
analyzer used
opinion phrases
corpora must
sparse markov
chaque langue
style similar
positive responses
telic processes
graphical constraints
proposed representation
conflict concerns
adverbial particle
fill item
trained som
monolingual texts
deep generator
web logs
top sort
several subsets
associated operations
conclusion c
message generation
tedious work
expressive means
sterling 1994
semantic characterization
adequate treatment
corner word
system comes
tony broke
vector using
dm receives
depth investigation
secondary tense
potential conflicts
proposed mechanism
angeli et
minimalist program
equivalence problem
reasonable baseline
multiple structures
system differs
des observations
new exchange
automatic statistical
given standard
categories need
correct solution
tree remains
balanced training
matching training
generation approach
story consists
constituent symbols
page 5
contains 54
semantic input
flash memory
via discourse
user states
separate intonational
data alone
spokesman generation
objective test
cutting et
lr method
generation side
consequently improves
salient characteristics
yields good
ir method
id3 decision
native speech
simple head
displays one
u g
lfg resources
restricted memory
information objects
services provided
explicit relation
whereas human
orthographic transcriptions
implicative meaning
candidate sense
dialogue policies
morphemes extracted
absolute maximum
method first
best generalisation
based topic
base models
remaining constraints
thus generates
extracted keywords
writing kanji
garcia alvarado
arg2 annotations
group saw
smaller tagset
key stroke
true classes
multiple premodifiers
question qi
coded system
following decisions
convex clusters
vocabulary items
given governor
thorough understanding
exchanging information
mathematical tools
set made
right binary
r becomes
based parse
whole project
semantic subcat
adjacent portions
specified path
source concepts
consecutive consonants
classify sentences
questions represent
succinct descriptions
beesley 1998
fact database
model greatly
ngram modeling
journal section
much work
annotation speed
tc 37
resources required
individual user
units include
model schema
correct semantics
output tokens
per category
muri award
theoretical bias
global algorithm
phrase concept
translate without
users without
nps whose
consonant phonemes
plain word
tools available
qa applications
probabilistic algorithm
pp modifies
argument dgs
summarisation system
many tools
text necessarily
k best
section v
evaluation form
application building
insert operation
disabled children
verbal meanings
four reasons
typical newspaper
many respects
algorithm yields
30 characters
confidence factor
trellis search
needed e
leading systems
english grammars
constituent act
acl dataset
file name
four nodes
scope relation
method integrates
briefly review
targeted noun
right side
syracuse university
particular implementation
fixed probability
c z
indefinite article
specific sublanguage
based nerc
statistical estimates
query statement
device capable
present example
put differently
referential np
paraphrasing method
technology center
consecutive words
discusses issues
concepts need
text uses
grass pollen
list takes
true frame
proper expressions
meaning vectors
subjects may
arcs labeled
highest rank
less structure
manual labeling
action presented
major ways
come tomorrow
ldc dictionary
input pre
spacing unit
logically entails
isolated way
attribute specifies
database representing
following functionality
asr system
present model
precision component
correction c
length criteria
approach consisting
sample input
apply knowledge
previous choice
iterative learning
unedited text
common subsequences
possible parameter
selection function
significant dimensions
semantic monotonicity
verbs associated
words representing
terminology structuring
hinges upon
term extracted
scenario key
scale applications
new event
n value
different entry
whose preposition
discourse models
potential drawback
offer better
separate tests
even use
gemini natural
parse takes
large domain
procedure presents
mean normalization
structure relations
given frequency
3d person
video transcripts
context w
eye view
entity component
total duration
consistent improvements
semantic ellipsis
good access
dict sense
infinitive phrase
name string
textual corpora
narrow scope
macquarie university
best string
known solution
problem thus
persistent objects
scoring models
project supported
annotation tags
parse ambiguity
similar way
certain role
grade junior
computer running
test material
coding module
e process
million words
structure makes
littl e
nearest left
perfect np
xslt stylesheet
training involved
party telephone
called null
common collocations
goals like
phoneme occurs
la g
constraining power
medical abstract
10 document
evaluation categories
inner narration
two adverbs
se mit
arbitrary parts
large candidate
see non
term weighting
much precision
entity mentioned
dialogue partner
steepest ascent
sentences respectively
navigation instructions
naturally result
depth three
data tbr
possibly zero
tile reverse
related web
interpretation among
orthographic spelling
direct links
base may
good levels
henceforth simply
generated utterances
tile entities
coded words
presents previous
refined sense
action requires
gregor erbach
building metaplans
intractable problems
representation consists
algorithm produced
developed method
constraints built
similar methodology
color terms
100 subjects
typical member
noun ending
relations typically
new example
better parsing
verb dependency
penalizes short
conceptual relationships
route model
handles two
support non
japanese speech
chinese wordnet
grained theory
paraphrase acquisition
phone accuracy
concept similarity
unl expression
many tuples
use techniques
induction work
find b
speaker controls
clinical trial
security level
model acceptor
document source
contains thousands
n percent
search precision
core technologies
metonymic sense
multiple pointers
reduction stages
word analyses
rooted tree
web genre
node consists
269 people
likely ones
various amounts
soccer domain
require far
minimal models
type description
letter combination
ideal pairs
similar inferences
cause harm
initially contains
new model
face conversations
potential roots
tag denotes
simple probabilistic
proceeds bottom
global ambiguities
inferencing processes
fi binding
perfect predictor
un non
considerable redundancy
several clusters
indicates greater
flexible object
whose translation
projective analyses
systems required
10 experiments
many classification
lexical distributional
partitions may
shows agreement
l language
japanese cs
term tends
two parties
essential point
repair attempts
validation criterion
suggests otherwise
two things
proportional series
even allows
ones provided
local reestimation
pattern module
affix rules
size must
precision estimates
constraint results
measure co
adnoun clause
argument must
final verb
6 task
structure might
topological constraints
wer reduction
ge li
potentially result
practical information
class composite
selected phrases
postverbal position
discriminative information
modeling strategy
cases due
rules 6
within topic
three contributions
german prepositional
sublanguage analysis
path closure
reception algorithm
highest success
prediction using
rules expressing
motion verb
generator produced
250k words
performs comparable
speakers based
implicit causal
terms entered
including non
corpus using
perfect tags
sharp angle
within parse
encoding methods
qa research
edited data
data repositories
july 1992
authoring support
presents us
proper pronunciation
based story
discourse may
smallest value
increasing length
using preferences
problem illustrated
states q
graphics designer
range information
task markup
another rule
recent times
identify interesting
recognizing plans
considerable knowledge
learn non
names could
example relation
kare wa
following solutions
different responses
polynomial algorithm
inside context
global interpretation
ambiguity set
parallel aligned
edit costs
disk 3
five annotators
original translations
parser outputs
structures derived
related sense
three stage
e occurred
tree p
indexing systems
step derivation
ontological search
underlying issues
opinion source
namely g
sense flesh
word transformation
mined collection
trees would
building upon
rath et
training produced
die steinebene
connect two
muc corpus
verb instances
add links
full em
linguistic construction
messages used
operator whose
character cannot
methodological reasons
produce significantly
typical cases
tile co
phrase arguments
process provides
also non
justi cation
efficient methods
asl system
formed tree
position seems
verification threshold
matching parses
extracting salient
structure explicitly
character abbreviation
coordinate constructions
completion process
lexicon acquisition
rating values
advisory committee
structures necessary
cognitive capacities
monolingual model
quand la
often look
mid 1
techniques adapted
text dependent
estimated error
diacritization system
shi de
indira gandhi
object associated
scale research
job advertisement
preceding element
grammatical string
features become
describe three
whose counts
actual label
various formats
hlt community
si denotes
within clauses
explicit models
research using
pairs related
learning module
level generation
following equation
verbal modifiers
following paraphrase
1 network
distribution determined
rigorous analysis
b enthaelt
generic nps
simple adaptation
75 meetings
meaning affix
reliable decision
operator library
expandable outline
high recognition
physical target
surf ace
matching sequence
four text
level hmms
multiple passes
morphological tense
cache feature
finite string
zero pronominals
important part
binding machines
agent interactions
labrador towards
full match
french native
user expects
two v
used multiple
bread cut
nine groups
stop condition
shared beliefs
nonsystematic semantic
point represents
achieving accurate
table derived
built knowledge
figurative uses
structure approach
actual construction
technique commonly
reordered model
low variance
cmu optional
uttering sentences
unit identification
manual design
given subset
algebraic structure
average total
rhetorical structures
similar constraint
pairs directly
a23 a26
tag per
verb remove
common sentence
full experiment
assembly action
word compositions
complete explanations
disaster relief
approaches along
following questions
first parameter
account must
registered sentences
powerful method
multiple theories
syntactic variation
canadian institute
certain levels
system although
neighbor approach
disjoint set
arbitrary concepts
mother language
yi shi
ibm viavoice
powerset construction
complete sentences
tile pattern
table b
scope relative
appearance model
rectangular region
word usages
chains produced
lan gan
single simple
garden paths
discarding fp
compiled rule
lowest layer
corpus homogeneity
proportional assignment
tipster 12
knowledge typically
semantic predictions
unlimited resources
compensation algorithm
conjunct 1
tagged lexicon
reranking kernel
multiple tasks
alternate definition
directional meaning
en partant
proposed candidates
left yesterday
analysis routines
boundary typicality
20 units
program specifications
e da
reference domains
please use
german web
binary relational
current sets
coreference corpus
noun predicates
following statistics
nothing short
causes one
class verb
keyword based
presumed beliefs
means available
use artificial
point e
different phenomena
relational information
transformations apply
methods showed
labeled sentences
rules represented
distance computed
pattern specification
value attribute
cannot select
exhaust manifold
grammar lexicalization
help find
annotators received
bigram word
cues based
good review
conditional state
25 cases
person uses
distinguished category
john called
nominal block
candidate forms
human summary
three phrase
models cannot
models produce
system ii
greater number
100 n
foreign sentence
full memory
supported language
technology used
word inflections
information automatically
performance scores
different decompositions
possible parses
omitted subjects
phrase q
human behaviour
deranged types
structure characteristic
elements associated
mots de
prosodic modelling
scrambled sentences
itr iis
completion times
lower tree
complex situation
different origins
higher wer
two versions
exact choice
extract evidence
document sentences
called polarity
transducer a97
structure proper
subjective texts
5 explains
suitable window
four desiderata
baseline one
plagiarism detection
term implies
n system
approaches adopted
thai restaurant
dutch part
surface realizations
bodes well
token set
section illustrates
modifier appears
test run
broad coverage
missing edges
new question
th component
given utterance
intended interpretation
ne list
bears resemblance
intermediate generation
semantic rules
adequate evidence
grammatical behaviour
special domain
discussions concerning
attribute frames
words missing
higher percentages
context attributes
extracted thesaurus
longer constituents
high end
derivation length
stochastic grammar
big houses
top category
tag z
defined distance
central control
spatial domain
core technology
human speaker
possible sequence
data sources
surrounding sentences
marking may
give verbs
candidates list
polysemy degree
unsupervised discovery
use instead
observed c
characters would
end time
l relation
mathematical notation
classifier labels
different orderings
certain sequences
achieves 90
prep np2
types identified
simplex method
subject identification
end speech
contexts associated
continuous part
slots representing
one designs
lf representations
guidelines given
functions may
name variant
analytic causative
smallest set
units connected
masculine nouns
use ripper
like humans
provide flexibility
pour lesquels
accuracies obtained
katakana variants
reentrant feature
markov crf
length 9
fact correct
simple key
value weights
entailment probability
definition scheme
entities within
different methods
type language
likely entity
time instants
category domain
possible subtrees
hypernym synsets
000 nodes
given instances
accepts w
eventual use
taxonomic knowledge
possible strategies
local concern
constrain possible
language definitions
trec run
uses unsupervised
classifier may
system simply
best performers
comp node
sets vary
grammar one
complex graph
antecedent 2
tile following
different opinions
hundred words
uncovered positions
verb alternation
statistical measures
rule satisfies
unary relation
candidate utterance
thorough review
parte del
different paraphrasing
prominence ranking
classifier first
test without
rule dictionary
current prediction
intended function
source noun
recall neighbor
order given
missing material
certain approaches
w also
improve word
search fails
one bigram
parser reads
merriam webster
label indicating
existing theory
queries containing
phrase modification
peters 1981
using attributes
support interactive
adverb placement
key equivalence
make choices
resource bounds
minor phrase
line printer
preference information
prime clause
hand power
considerable discussion
circles denote
extract meaning
sri systems
three relations
ambiguities introduced
frame element
anaphoric element
term set
metaphoric usage
vector classifier
interface displays
generation must
proximity measure
russian aspect
e describes
restriction c
child element
satisfactory result
pointing ray
density formula
transcriptions corpus
original clusters
recognizer must
poses problems
selected source
several symbols
poses several
improved recall
capabilities must
dynamic lexicons
semantic referent
previous test
substitution inserts
two dutch
unedited data
entire procedure
retrieval runs
sample rules
also generates
structural con
section 7
independent experiments
relations induce
henceforth called
input 1
get confused
divergence measure
five years
description field
assign incorrect
either constants
pot cover
turan 1998
introduces many
produced sentence
operating machines
four metrics
straightforward comparison
information studies
consequence relation
output state
oov extraction
monotonic inferences
since np
grammatical readings
modal system
output side
designated type
node insertions
structure version
system suffers
et alii
300 sentences
dictionary file
trees tl
system serves
c transliteration
bell number
testing sets
stochastic segment
high rating
dependent structures
propositional variables
conjoined clause
errors came
achieve sufficient
end vertices
iff q
two frequencies
systems presented
kernel requires
attribute frame
empty store
disk storage
columns show
destination city
isle work
computer mediated
fold crossvalidation
general way
corpus application
clear indicators
constructed corpus
length sequence
interfaces also
lexical idiosyncrasies
section iii
appropriate pronoun
determine pp
mark information
phenomena include
matching task
algorithm required
individual classification
null tive
symbols may
functional category
square along
individual letters
known translations
classification algorithms
another non
pairs including
sentence ts
financial newspaper
reference problems
also exploits
semantic variants
using commonsense
verbal deletions
root candidate
linguistic front
document exploration
gram constraints
recall curve
contains much
automated procedure
straw man
identical strings
wire articles
level using
extension allows
describe algorithms
act ambiguity
ga hon
defined ne
accuracies attained
predicates based
output behavior
simple yes
la tranche
set al
informative abstracts
john f
potential boundaries
example selection
first predicts
structures null
paraphrases automatically
key topics
c compiler
classification schemes
temporary stack
type whose
general methodology
mcginnis 2002
insufficient training
given insufficient
intonational features
different equivalence
next target
plural affix
specific parts
utterance features
expected dialogue
500 examples
consecutive sequences
apply tile
crossing errors
nodes inside
personal knowledge
state transducer
stenograph code
utterance also
interactive way
decisions without
example semantic
produces text
specified values
sel ha
certain preference
structure sensitivity
gene names
better algorithm
phonological effects
score anywhere
propositional attitude
two objectives
navy domain
chinese dependency
collection may
list elements
annotated people
frequencies derived
speech ambiguities
arabic gigaword
algorithm manipulates
discounting parameter
current framework
grammar using
relative improvement
ccg parser
important consequence
following top
abstract entities
refashioning plans
clause element
combined criterion
precision measures
following features
lexical modeling
useless driver
process goes
current summarization
iff u
common answer
paraphrase selection
cambridge cb2
texts make
based constraints
6 questions
systems requires
order corresponding
fixed sensors
local navigation
complementary aspects
system checks
benefactive alternation
section vi
tile context
act predictions
donner une
related forms
okay nuggets
languages research
commercial advantage
intended referents
score ranges
map syntactic
con la
pronoun ihn
scoring alignments
constraint nodes
slot features
30 speakers
type signature
assigns higher
integration strategy
based inferences
source event
first parses
predicate lemma
standard ltag
close similarity
restriction allows
lexieal units
adaptive strategies
final systems
snap judgment
tables would
new character
underspecified sense
sensitive features
old vs
mwus like
treebank ii
read spontaneous
standard methodology
similar frequency
parse preferences
determining text
prototypical syntactic
unlike categories
frequent token
gen plan
stylistic rule
english stopwords
17 words
avec une
4 model
example may
false reject
distance anaphor
index rules
ancestor language
form ax
logic formula
accurately determine
ky57 audio
small error
estimated number
talk button
relevant property
new operators
strategy since
nist 2004
speech interpretation
lexicon models
design issues
low content
null alignment
dependency tree
mile framework
parts like
brown reranker
first sequence
algorithmic analysis
frequency content
verb occurs
hyponymy relationships
independent principles
sample risk
dotted node
entity pairs
estimate conditional
semantic net
ancestor relationship
expert advising
changes significantly
argument phrases
supervised classification
nous voulons
others represent
depends highly
student questions
plan exploration
incorporate word
output files
different topics
2004 senseval
special ones
a0 a73
accessibility space
saturation instruction
analyse et
weak learners
annotation quality
paraphrase may
best viterbi
n ke
hon wo
translingual retrieval
function attribute
theory would
senses appear
fas expression
repair facility
c ni
cognitive network
probabilistic formalism
working storage
correct homograph
120 rules
handle relations
local typicality
overall interpretation
encode information
often return
entries representing
mathematical content
authors state
generate dialogue
rules applying
writing environment
category collocations
annotated file
presenting results
model generator
accuracy measure
first strategies
configuration includes
given antecedent
probability assignment
algorithm maintains
related utterance
castano et
intonation contours
logical systems
pamela k
microphone independence
character changes
de grammaires
second change
impossible readings
nes may
four data
technical document
reliable differences
ron kaplan
interpolation parameter
event associated
novel words
imamura et
cluster evaluation
speech graffiti
weighted k
il la
salient objects
program described
syllable strategy
matched couple
incident structures
garbage keywords
treebank analyses
speech function
one time
tf values
short pauses
particle sense
unseen dialogues
longer stretches
partial parse
manual disambiguation
lieu de
st two
overall path
selected sentences
two encodings
gold parses
terms related
problems faced
idiomatic expressions
act like
one speech
japanese intermediate
time warner
null query
particular job
sentiment classification
word definition
relationships involving
tags per
situation mentioned
two occurrences
peters sentences
compound tags
line grammar
human teacher
backward inference
transcribed sentence
frequencies within
manual part
corresponding document
ideational structure
desktop pc
nach hause
30 minutes
information types
ellison restriction
valued attributes
accuracy loss
john described
four combinations
new chain
chunking corpus
function types
tokens found
regarding discourse
general constraint
careful investigation
chain begins
mobile data
third block
activation weights
underlying texts
drink beer
via attributes
framenet lexical
object detection
lexical ent
desired functionality
deg l
overall function
certain facts
interpreter contains
statistical linguistics
predicate complements
four days
first confluence
procedure returns
candidate antecedent
sultat de
alternative notation
oriented parser
opposite case
tuple consisting
possible decisions
one cs
hubble space
chunking approach
see goodman
nouns co
daily conversation
previous table
earlier systems
stack rather
using strategy
always increases
lexicons like
improve model
otherwise lead
distance based
something recognized
creates links
relevant tree
ipso facto
description fields
exposed head
type summaries
theoretical approach
extent also
exist three
standard tabular
art text
vilain et
arbitrary noun
bitext map
relation links
multilingual texts
airlines serve
interlingual approaches
action available
specific concepts
general setup
dynamic feature
automatic chinese
make n
lexicon may
previous clause
roy et
texts related
drop verb
mwe components
generative approach
focusing frameworks
commercial chinese
sw sets
predicates referring
detected error
abstract pattern
complex verb
janus multi
lowest alignment
process 6
summary similarity
recognition purposes
traditional alignment
handling requirements
word includes
since rules
basic category
corresponding experiments
evaluate tile
multiple sentence
better exploit
second span
easily lead
current parameter
connector one
without subsumption
scisor system
comprehensive grammar
format usable
parsing style
use average
exact test
several generations
net representation
swarthmore college
need less
morphologic information
different lexicons
observe two
des faits
100m words
discourse novelty
starts processing
train de
mean average
positive feature
fundamental feature
fou r
segmented tokens
3 competition
structure must
positive examples
points must
mental attitudes
system wisber
entropy strategy
postpositional phrase
rule among
letter e
rule order
active component
contiguous chunks
system called
lp format
dramatic changes
con text
paper discussed
atomic classes
march 1997
method due
active sentences
subsequent decisions
three messages
partie droite
c entities
last command
include punctuation
czech sentence
software product
shared structure
central position
specific aspects
management plan
new mail
japanese microelectronics
spent considerable
page test
noun pairs
jean lui
based web
appropriate extra
programs based
contain mostly
local movement
order defined
narrow view
mother region
sparse data
word expresses
stocks fell
occur sequentially
calculate tile
irrelevant candidates
satisfactory results
see somers
six iterations
tsurumaru et
small category
without case
accepted patterns
order principle
rule involves
fragment generator
40 adaptation
constraints operate
processing machine
incorporating bigram
reference phrase
identify nes
ellipsis handling
semantic annotation
mean squared
inflectional lexicon
required textbook
training pattern
csr pilot
color word
tree configuration
pircs system
discourse agent
four queries
jie bo
traditional query
concept lattice
fruitful comments
depth case
large multi
noun predicate
smaller corpus
like hierarchy
higher order
algorithms shows
entities specified
various challenges
inflected verbs
answers one
scale english
grasping top
6 features
modifiers must
issue commands
ellipsed fragment
issues pertaining
low temperature
investigation would
produces utterances
level application
yue mo
lexicai entry
economic sanctions
interaction extraction
finite number
senseval2 english
3 let
mutual bootstrapping
research infrastructure
classical generative
sequential analysis
categorization algorithm
1983 veronica
wf model
state tagger
probabilistic grammars
pronouns may
complete sls
functional distinction
category sentence
bill likes
explicitly represent
mmi encoders
different suffixes
efficient control
absolute score
te zijn
earlier development
two headwords
tokens generated
matrix l
iterative graph
culprit link
reject sentences
efficient feature
dialogos corpus
explicit choices
operator shifts
textual mention
axioms schemas
different spoken
compatibility information
animate entity
component need
corresponding database
different software
first task
nonmodal future
comparing figure
disjunctive structure
joint decoding
primitive transfer
combined recency
multimodal interactions
view language
depth greater
whose color
final weight
frame assignment
infinite languages
large machine
later systems
temps de
major sources
oriented evaluation
component takes
tie 1
hypernym level
show flights
tile core
words provide
unit finite
translation using
pronominal anaphor
cited paper
new compounds
toolkit provides
transition table
labeled pairs
domain space
resnik 1997
chinese coreference
digital collections
called tense
raw treebank
complete predicate
edit transformations
statement frame
scopal relations
carbonell et
weak context
performing method
pps may
order dependent
tile existence
valid tag
conditions 1
flexible lexicon
excessive diphthong
chain conditional
whole mechanism
recasting mechanism
accuracy refers
obtained fl
particular mt
language rules
based sense
c co
overlooked concerns
larger group
directional parsing
advisor domain
generated target
convincing evidence
mentioned works
expected coherent
ill two
n levels
user centered
flat model
literal usage
symbolic parser
add knowledge
unique way
certain factors
pos blocks
9 note
additional phenomena
specific hierarchy
stage pipeline
crucial respects
document pairs
head matching
book acc
lifting path
following lists
task coverage
local center
explain phenomena
involve constituents
earley cover
thank aravind
punctuation character
n ps
nested dependencies
multiple interpretations
capital letter
method outperforms
interaction theory
winnow update
return true
peripheral rd
trigram backoff
explicit quantifier
extended list
parallel processing
structures thus
completed clause
development within
simple distance
selective magic
first amplifier
respective sub
strategy found
main requirement
new scheme
search query
concern regarding
type models
memory network
represent stories
constituent pairs
features affect
possible classifications
empirical basis
xed reference
normalized vector
need semantic
possible solutions
conservative approach
becomes clear
interpretation algorithm
sudsy soaps
separate classification
hebrew bible
optional use
response contained
much error
two employees
phrase coreference
dimensional subspace
vp would
lexical inclusion
functional heads
analyses may
space implicitly
quality judgements
ovis system
dramatic impact
instantaneous interval
un pronom
similar instances
sequence search
key examples
climbed mt
define many
proof using
semantic decoding
state terms
burchardt et
index line
climbing search
noticeable improvements
evaluation uses
planner uses
parse covering
distance measured
item 4
sememe set
root form
support multilingual
system f
noise word
output must
louis xiv
phrasal verbs
intelligent multimodal
experiment 5
parser directly
focusing preferences
day hubble
modified viterbi
search error
questions related
alignment grammar
functional analyses
578 sentences
empty preposition
involves adding
best performances
ne classes
certain cases
reichenbachian analysis
token unigram
demanding tasks
line dictionaries
method computes
probabilistic indexing
words one
learned classifier
management project
flexible multimodal
methods allow
occurrence word
base constituents
one linguist
possible paraphrase
statements like
aide de
need help
different heuristic
w j2
resultant phrase
additional methods
mixed bottom
proteins involved
near synonym
cluster set
representational structures
heuristic techniques
subworld concept
using och
skeleton deductions
optimum value
variable feature
world press
transition labeled
20 messages
nodes relevant
embedded utterances
shared heap
reporting task
surface subject
algorithms follow
character entity
phrase table
field lists
baseline classifier
document creation
constrained way
isa link
clear criteria
wh element
need first
texts including
underlying model
generate coherent
un r61e
late 1970s
text lengths
homogeneous set
particularly striking
28 aor
r method
different retrieval
interesting property
advanced nlp
syntactic method
follow f
one mention
suc h
identify sets
shows part
context specific
training requires
informative terms
morphological ambiguity
three term
using adaboost
accurately predict
vice chairman
hierarchical category
facilitate efficient
best place
connected iff
unsupervised tagger
feedback regarding
individual content
translators use
sequence begins
different keys
complete edge
satisfaction problems
two entities
left adjunction
linear language
character categories
map generation
utterances collected
string database
possible questions
bone marrow
coercion relations
relevant tag
implementation uses
whose object
set data
dialect words
texts appear
queries require
ann performance
alignment unit
conversation function
model refers
semantic class
verb unless
research activities
usual technique
categorical information
radical changes
objectif de
parc 700
300 pairs
admissible antecedents
expression a19
epsilon arcs
thematic divergence
language variants
probabilities generated
calculus formulas
word a2
web documents
question 4
researchers including
embedded language
bracketing algorithm
different control
null nal
system includes
reasonable performance
based frequency
thesauri provide
text revision
whose score
level anaphora
cannot keep
umass system
different feature
allen et
level dialogue
root categories
langues naturelles
component like
real goal
different examples
level roles
purpose lexicon
successful model
models employed
propbank role
help prevent
learned qualia
driven methods
independent probabilities
e wife
entities tagged
empty lines
zero error
colloquial english
plausible combination
a53 a3
task features
complexity arises
disproportionate amount
incorporating speech
topical entity
un schema
grammar developers
corpus show
specific programming
low figure
tensed sentence
computerized system
task also
reasoning applies
desired coverage
discourse constituents
wotan tagset
john picks
universal np
time adjunct
focus registers
overall likelihood
two clitics
whose node
global degree
center movement
extracted verb
scientific argumentation
wilson et
based generalizations
section following
un affresco
3 template
clean speech
interannotator agreement
act annotation
relevant vocabulary
combination ambiguity
class conditional
special weapons
best knowledge
attractive properties
dialogues used
thirty five
utterances tagged
current sequence
called adjunction
syntactic restrictions
syntax features
previous ig
scoring constituents
correlation measure
blind people
word correspond
token sequences
like mechanisms
informational factors
training context
beam strategy
brent 1993
management techniques
reference terms
tools developed
subsequent questions
word isolated
direct priming
systems adopt
ref slot
rhetorical acts
japanese mt
fast training
basic distinction
represent expressions
using defaults
common solution
modality features
cannot compute
like noun
shopping mall
technique yields
immediate question
citation context
various dependency
signature consists
item expression
retrieval application
vectors v
update request
legitimate word
trace position
reader believes
people make
10 articles
stored rule
appropriate position
remains empty
answer needs
core program
time compared
task involved
star english
said thursday
two roads
phrase labeled
hypernormal cycle
likely solution
chat log
task across
little redundancy
modular architecture
parallel process
generative semanticists
trace output
intuitive manner
tags produced
noun type
appropriate output
messages contain
arpa spoken
evaluation conditions
step two
main innovation
discourse salience
follow sets
interpretation corresponds
bhagat et
provides input
lines may
robert frederking
various researchers
obtaining training
discovery system
using sample
cluster options
particular tasks
expression given
dialogue content
ref action
significant margin
reusable objects
states something
semiotic system
section consists
event detection
direct feedback
probable parses
cation using
another layer
interpretations depending
f syn
political nocoll
easily grasp
lp rules
alternate parses
new subtree
century bc
expected future
framework designed
tdmt system
applications demand
nous utilisons
improvement beyond
incorporated argument
et un
effect slot
many nice
two months
r 5
agreement value
esprit bra
baseline performance
rates shown
last group
specific mechanisms
results reveals
resulting np
n ranked
four settings
multimedia summarization
using self
languages english
nodes instead
bigrams containing
24 hours
method always
several children
knight 1998
1st character
natural dialogue
ldb entry
new element
generate every
morphology component
lexicm item
text engineering
important relations
action x
specific noun
initial dialogue
complex systems
representations assigned
support applications
wide distribution
sources involved
sense cannot
obtain x
current thinking
production data
value representation
simple property
35 times
checks whether
6 lists
le non
similarity computing
effort put
500 patterns
important considerations
contain disjunctions
reasonable estimate
example gives
sentence tend
suitable sense
train model
initial symbol
disambiguate senses
two weeks
using topic
pp structure
systems available
essential semantic
bounded stack
linear signature
quality lexicon
meet requirements
occurrence event
discourse hypothesis
model inferred
various instances
grapheme string
core discourse
speech values
using parse
features selection
sine qua
cluster words
syntactic analysers
nlp structures
relevance annotations
declarative questions
anaphor resolution
gaussian prior
systems participated
solution gives
writer believes
wordtype term
additional topics
classes combined
lr table
scarce resources
n domains
die zeit
scoring hypothesis
perennial problem
error using
deep level
alternate strategies
arita et
whose states
time change
context window
acquire case
four labels
novel approaches
total characters
one external
indicates non
merged story
next n
empirical issue
fragmentary syntax
oral discourse
module extracts
argument binding
extend coverage
object clause
ranking reviews
xml schemata
audit trail
desired features
first equation
total effect
context helps
case number
subsequent inputs
segmented corpus
serves two
ne pair
causes certain
parse probability
characterize relations
merging events
constructing translation
selected pairs
interface could
metric matrix
sentences pair
synset level
underlying question
verification rules
strings containing
tile information
big men
question holds
6 draws
contributor relation
last field
search directions
algorithm receives
observation leads
grammatical knowledge
mt method
knowledge map
many mistakes
c context
tile token
extra word
segment names
forms depending
identify anchors
cyclic domain
mourelatos 1981
furthe r
medline search
distinct entries
composition process
noise model
detailed exposition
parsing tree
ce nom
subject field
ones correspond
mutual benefit
form parser
background speech
kasper 1989
constituent type
following co
active sign
selectional profile
state based
bad news
since users
first questions
level 0
linear relation
multilingual question
probabilistic analysis
msn search
knows exactly
words depend
significant advantages
algorithm enumerates
equal footing
bracketed tree
ne identification
a131 a24
class comprises
general dependency
morphological complexity
experiments use
rules relate
framed languages
corpus depends
general templates
mutual expectation
oriented system
lts system
annotated frame
grammar tests
translation channel
ice creams
thorsten brants
lexical entrainment
several subsequent
tile work
verb occurred
multiple recognition
expert may
time lapse
one randomly
guugu yimidhirr
works using
dialogue management
linguistic resource
proposed phrase
express doubt
1 scores
tree similarity
learning configuration
symbols n
entities occurring
new characters
whereby every
early versions
np nodes
every project
great detail
e recognized
possible features
set generated
happens within
simple tree
performance criteria
procedural control
dialog strategies
dependent sentence
model allows
communicative context
query topic
planner creates
guess based
supporting data
level activities
allen 1980
analysis indicated
report available
constant space
book index
generator receives
casts doubt
semantic abstraction
information kiosks
identical consonants
verbs take
reaction information
cyclic automata
a5 a42
strings cannot
control panel
levels deep
three texts
red hair
generate surface
system currently
inference problems
describe properties
analysis per
first snippet
algorithm learned
role structure
conversion step
string spans
another condition
pps attach
term preference
cases 5
last meeting
world scenario
passive transformations
typical word
vp rule
corpus consisted
lexicon gives
good inter
variables ranging
relative expressions
prosodic knowledge
one respect
average similarity
unambiguous result
every attribute
containing pronouns
african language
np la
e un
leading text
current task
ambiguity problems
active pairs
patterns along
cohesion profile
measure precision
called input
resulting mapping
first round
travel system
repair identification
morphosyntactic categories
semantic richness
2 satisfies
discussed ill
given b
n snippets
operators must
us nothing
answer turn
target bag
mark hepple
salient attribute
representational theories
lisp functions
a1 a19a27a26a16a20
computing sentence
5 parse
inflectional rule
graduate study
making room
state qj
universal rules
four target
following pattern
run produced
first extract
corresponding probabilities
relation 2
identical words
linguistic computation
subordinate representation
polysemous behavior
representation rather
wilh tile
boltzmann machine
either co
lexicon building
attribute descriptions
principal filters
whose occurrences
univocal words
morphemes including
less ambiguity
heldout set
weighted cusums
often change
uncontrolled terms
experience using
lead method
another sub
support research
inform reason
summary types
even people
3 evaluates
latest one
acquisition techniques
mathematical theorem
apples john
second structure
achieves 98
default feature
differences seem
given process
interpretation phase
domain could
active predicate
involves evaluating
represents knowledge
scientific articles
node rather
rewriting formalisms
second tagging
human labeled
assistant professor
luk 1995
stage results
format compatible
additional overhead
input stream
text comparison
many proposals
l gives
p plus
previous result
following goals
table presents
data collected
involving wordnet
military operations
protein ner
corporate acquisitions
boundaries agreed
wt 2
chosen concept
hundred examples
inserted clause
tile precision
global ontology
domain spoken
example n
intensive task
component elements
adverbial position
muli corpus
construct several
speaker classifier
better grammars
500 concepts
lattices rather
positions away
content descriptions
processing pacific
important side
introduces several
way consistent
constraint relation
simply assumes
subject rule
relations even
upper ontology
6 displays
specific purpose
speech spectrum
one modal
homework assignments
reference based
several items
cpu time
oriented words
unique challenges
language users
distance model
recent events
completeness principle
trees induced
special chunk
alan w
dynamic logic
traditional distinction
actual computation
time process
original cluster
mantiques des
augmented cfg
compute two
hewlett packard
algorithms typically
action representations
adverbials may
null scores
bigram scheme
little discussion
computer spoken
last minute
sentences shorter
generation component
psycholinguistic results
8 allows
suggested methods
ln order
modifier list
system keeps
briefly sketch
computer software
tree depicted
app c
regularities among
update information
appropriate representations
others make
mixture gains
constraint prevents
alignment link
ambiguous context
word section
word provides
human readability
recognizer component
terminals correspond
metaphorical extensions
direct associations
mann whitney
script based
user requests
term jw
another schema
tobi system
learned policies
minimal cost
main benefit
template features
american health
extend across
cannot outperform
modal facts
pas dans
data tagged
3 expresses
metadata set
adjuncts among
processing uses
unlikely candidates
spoken text
szpektor et
transmission strategies
clean interface
learning progress
kuwait text
x represent
distinct indices
du volume
de pr
ictoan system
logic described
main expectation
qlf representation
related processing
purported belief
extract algorithm
objects include
users use
use part
known locations
system addresses
many c
written communication
linking relations
dependent interpretations
contextual role
briefing generator
kip assumes
joined conflguration
pattern codes
required format
cases associated
web technologies
contextual understanding
using root
bayesian smoothing
predictions concerning
bad influence
entire syllables
ranking problem
two relationships
voiced obstruents
semantic resolution
forty per
dutch corpus
conversion process
method suggests
clustering methodology
page search
head movements
produces semantic
entries provide
category expansion
left predictor
negra corpus
sincerity condition
specialty languages
cc nodes
powerful device
prior p
clustered news
zhen task
figures indicate
bilingual terminology
associative links
pdp systems
sentences analyzed
measurement unit
gross errors
entire sample
including variations
one hears
lexical means
microphone data
art commercial
phonetic mappings
theoretical significance
three entries
multilingual recognizer
propositional representation
deduction steps
ident feature
information representation
obvious meaning
released version
statistical bigram
cosine scores
counts n
phonemes may
five dollar
one transfer
regular test
subtree depths
collocation map
prosodic template
simple spelling
establishes one
whose case
activation mechanism
use code
include among
relevance estimation
adding word
segmentation algorithms
target test
hearer might
defined parsing
something like
case marker
le rapport
hypernym list
coreferent nodes
review helpfulness
extraction program
consider words
performs nearly
strict independence
string probabilities
rules linking
active edge
occurrence scoring
sufficient constraints
dialog task
translation equivalences
2 meaning
explains many
e sent
tagger showed
indication whether
expansion methods
list generation
prope r
lingual ir
listener would
smt team
system parameter
morphological elements
nine rules
form value
segmentation schemes
better indexing
fine control
uses left
20 texts
id 11
ru shi
noun according
treat unknown
verb describes
independent speech
senses chosen
analysis algorithms
computational context
functional definition
traditional analyses
salience assignment
rdc 2003
matrix a4
de diff
one bound
public transport
typical event
male child
first features
projective parses
morphological preferences
errors stem
methods without
formally defines
provides rules
using mm
tree inside
linear models
contain different
like agents
unification system
nl evaluation
idiomatic ds
clause beginning
tree automatically
swedish woman
pac learning
x percent
lowest scores
algorithm available
entire parse
expressions allow
symmetric learning
avm attributes
shallow analyses
whole body
new move
errors would
data among
likely translations
wsd method
unused discourse
phrase span
problem raised
effective measures
occurs immediately
evaluating language
metaphoric language
algorithm ignores
system enhancements
set consist
per parameter
rau et
arc possible
extraction takes
data vocabulary
de ses
description tools
professional writers
approaches still
use ot
represent major
figure 3c
extraction tool
score formulation
looking function
domain specificity
every pos
five genres
two modes
largest percentage
ig values
assumption according
particular sentence
case 2
morphological annotation
a1 a5
care must
dictionary headwords
people appear
nlp tasks
la fin
whose argument
taux de
domain examples
insigni cant
preterminal rules
meaning point
presented experiments
generated n
relevant world
distinction may
tree consisting
best label
phrase fragments
linguistic flexibility
ii program
copula construction
includes sentence
edges corresponding
particular setting
specific attention
complement structures
art models
created training
specific module
atis tests
correct cluster
syntactic choice
corpus alone
branch numbers
lateral chest
true non
coverage value
work incorporates
limited task
role labelling
trend toward
typical example
primary function
distributions produced
several styles
category given
rich collection
preceding consonant
dynamic concepts
df values
complete message
restricted domain
simple tag
compound indexing
tag context
deep translation
existing ne
description without
general coreference
relevant papers
e input
incremental parsing
strong foundation
visual perception
punctuation characters
rule algorithm
situational semantics
overall decision
trivial inference
rules involve
sue saw
phrases following
types according
maps directly
word h
slots depend
practical perspective
based summarizer
output encoding
th fj
menu selection
high weight
phases 2
baseline 1
strand tralex
following context
new dsp
correct column
tentative word
fine tune
pair sentence
john killed
a7 a5
model learns
msme temps
cannot identify
argument sign
tools provided
left predictions
additional feature
ir search
atomic properties
modelling language
minimal parse
additional examples
fundamental concepts
statistics shows
automaton model
novel feature
value index
complete match
modifier specifies
likelihood models
conceptual modelling
across sessions
locative alternation
sections provide
mean 0000
posed question
le chien
involves information
applied twice
learning objects
sometimes co
model incorporates
languages e
training available
possible lists
observed counts
knowledge structure
measures derived
2 tag
maps onto
analysis yields
occur either
different humans
absolute properties
dynamic aspects
incident 5
grammar depends
asserted copy
variable parts
anuj dawar
linguistic strings
event clause
case knowledge
phoneme discrimination
state word
second extension
k rules
introduce word
driven retrieval
anaphoric resolver
strict entailment
je ne
main aim
forward reference
chart generation
visual properties
parser constructed
strings encoded
decomposition process
bleu point
particular temporal
biocreative challenge
goals using
constituent according
level consisted
cold start
small subclass
simplex clause
written text
standard coreference
final nodes
calculus expression
various potential
contextual levels
three indices
dual corpora
query d5
often times
ils ont
ar null
spatial semantics
sequences would
simpler techniques
corresponding audio
positive aspects
ahead terminal
fundamental aspects
words left
unique gene
iterative search
unique dependency
pad parsers
main diagonal
derive features
free time
monolingual parallel
alternative meaning
inheritance chain
left rules
without gazetteers
generalisation step
swadesh list
technical articles
like specification
six people
core elements
driven control
identifies names
abstract information
since svm
argument pairs
natural integration
similar processing
corresponding meta
different patterns
study demonstrated
second chapter
provided sufficient
meaning text
labeled corpora
initial integration
reestimation formulae
discontinuous sequence
using rl
shows promising
predictive clustering
features specifically
stochastic automata
transliteration scheme
propositions contained
third language
similar change
referent context
either context
challenge facing
natural sciences
different windows
web technology
text together
presents special
relevant background
programming interfaces
logical entailment
known technique
research performed
actual strings
context constraints
give hints
english performance
level correspondence
items would
interesting observations
informative word
rules manually
aussi la
montemagni et
1 e
wu 1997
scientific basis
aggregation module
large computer
business domains
cluster related
orientation class
stochastic part
extracting subcategorization
grammar extensions
elle est
argument predicate
segments belonging
3 correspond
previous results
potable liquid
consistent combination
validation accuracy
combining technique
rhetorical structuring
interpolated bigram
full mt
essay length
french mesh
pcfg probabilities
quality varies
different portion
dependency attachments
fo contour
000 nouns
mechanism handles
collins et
960 sentences
spoken utterances
uncertainty reasoning
statistical speech
speech pair
marker categories
nacsis test
call add
matrix v
split using
encoders used
particular lexeme
iterative development
proper sentence
data pertaining
terminal propositions
turn change
related idea
statement would
another research
module looks
favor one
textual domain
entire story
neither model
word conversion
total similarity
strategy si
word image
network news
sense 8
distinct propositions
allows immediate
fast approximate
system predicts
distributional distance
network classifiers
production may
deal effectively
java programming
primitive form
training information
linguistic realisations
node alignment
contract rd
every unique
degrading performance
nonterminal transition
3 reflect
coreferential pronouns
strong localization
insertion process
1 overview
new release
distribution pa0
young polish
provide either
many synsets
see appendix
raise expectations
restrictions may
analyzer processes
surprise given
particular physical
citation information
rule r1
frequent category
relational perspective
implemented versions
relatively simpler
cooking action
begin time
properties could
synthesis problems
multikey quicksort
basic definition
using constraints
generation produces
w could
character corresponding
corpora used
becomes particularly
result items
value increases
reference texts
morphological attributes
target clause
fewer violations
recognizer produces
human observer
template activation
distinguishable entity
two core
mlp classifier
morphological class
linguistic parser
eat apples
parties du
vehicle b
general manager
token intersection
attributes using
surprising fact
communication device
physical location
rule corresponds
manual corpus
accuracy level
vector notation
resampling methods
np belongs
figure ii
correct entailment
models correctly
ordering rules
input transition
constraint may
parameter system
root corresponding
normal meaning
conditional sentences
smaller phrases
far suggest
key concepts
forms via
hang kong
hildebrandt et
corresponding time
key capability
coverage set
procedure exists
location entities
nl processor
reference failures
disambiguation systems
10 randomly
goal analyzer
interpretations given
handle phrases
translation adequacy
contains tile
anova analysis
theoretic account
natural extensions
satisfied preference
figure 19
manual approach
figure captions
corresponding speech
changing rule
language abilities
way shown
provides movie
one tokenization
recognize languages
null vised
composite vector
language loom
cutoff point
symbol must
averaged context
pruning criterion
required rules
structure analogous
see formula
dependent recognition
analyseur syntaxique
class nodes
works essentially
psychological tests
decision nodes
many works
heuristic h1
van benthem
sentence 13
phrasal rules
constraints make
60 questions
general abstract
automatic parser
several machines
k slot
first row
rescoring model
th iteration
individual needs
every arc
successful cross
cannot contribute
segment might
class splitting
whose properties
primitive categories
verb groups
difference languages
standard labeled
null e
parse derivations
intelligence researchers
words labelled
underlying distribution
dimensional table
sense pruning
newman inc
strategies would
particular answer
world models
individual use
sentence bill
actual parser
primitive trees
document a9
asymmetric relations
pronoun type
logical point
hiroshi nomiyama
key aspects
represents tile
sophisticated smoothing
identical sequences
less elements
features gives
new speakers
4 r
decreases significantly
middle character
mary persuaded
mining applications
directly encode
work contains
cote 1990
portuguese translation
wrd arcs
approaches within
candidate mentions
dominant words
developing algorithms
sentence 11
cityu data
head verbs
second continuation
error bounds
scores achieved
labels would
evaluating summaries
ill twice
travel agency
corresponding segment
task goals
syntactic parameters
future information
movie domain
thank members
negation particle
past participial
phonetic characteristics
proper auxiliary
compound analysis
management mechanism
icai system
annotation using
column wise
bracketing grammars
one radical
stack marker
yield languages
mental functions
animacy hierarchy
utterance could
kh test
sentence continues
interaction within
others appear
prolog implementations
good word
alternative involves
correct items
goal structure
tagger performance
color scheme
tree types
community metadata
similar process
experiments shown
lexical set
multiple valid
constants refer
focus phenomena
combined effects
testing wp
sentences would
produces alignments
asymmetric clustering
close track
certain modules
block similarity
one domain
first parsers
external database
different concepts
definition grammar
languages described
definite statements
final text
tree techniques
undergraduate computer
x words
meaning since
models corresponding
number constraints
j corresponds
root mean
many iterations
recent discourse
distribution distance
concept areas
give class
qualitative data
learnability theory
business problems
thematic family
english declarative
scoping decisions
english base
text however
texts chosen
c information
aligned subtrees
crafted lexicon
following pronoun
bfgs parameter
ccg lexicons
rapidly adapt
nodes interconnected
cases actually
string grammar
nominal semantic
dynamic programming
vector a49
progress made
narrative progression
extracted trend
1 sets
spatial prepositions
mrd definitions
slot could
one candidate
semantics would
underspeci cation
shows high
237 sentences
new correct
like p
output component
multiple verb
feature expansion
flatter structure
increases overall
null f
smoothing parameter
conclusion seems
chinese documents
third relation
distinctions provided
output sentences
conflict occurs
linguistic evaluation
state model
correct point
length regular
tagging step
amit singhal
hotho et
string contain
7 c
nl system
form words
summarization quality
electronic news
powerful search
xmg formalism
oriented approaches
nonlocal application
penn treebank
tape must
practical knowledge
matching pattern
different aspects
word 6
embedding relationships
model considering
constructor trees
proposed term
grammar interpreter
derivations involving
lexieal entries
visual scene
grammar alone
57 sentences
final lf
sentence reflecting
mdp policy
brown data
layer perceptron
appropriate links
following request
sequential classifier
dictionary descriptions
5 summarizes
constructions involving
czech verb
translation depends
treebank provides
sl word
task presented
desktop microphone
auf den
small integer
results considering
set si
large hand
scale training
corresponding senses
optimal interpretation
checkpoint 1
components included
kana sentences
three propositions
jacobs et
world may
normal order
never produces
fat person
matching synonyms
analysis engine
strong point
program managers
length required
considered instances
four functions
text styles
1 described
based simulation
n terms
much discussion
allows researchers
generator written
local reordering
sense categories
le pronom
protein sequence
pass uses
sufficient frequency
v a1
let ri
dialogues contain
speech segments
expression systems
market survey
a37 a39a25a13
yield function
different shallow
current top
que ce
conceptual category
via application
removing noise
tile rate
agreement levels
deduction formulation
rules leads
ptq analysis
influence links
misclassified object
speaker 1
core et
instances provide
act upon
spoken queries
la recherche
actual evaluation
using web
informative model
la suite
optimal path
context along
puzzle corpus
red book
categorization decision
monotonic devices
produce misleading
unique antecedent
original trec
xml syntax
year students
user chooses
idiomatic particles
constraints related
without violation
technical authors
e rules
symbolic mathematical
moby thesaurus
single method
mts attitude
right amount
many ir
wordnet results
second constructions
cannot come
proper answer
size used
evaluation ever
deux parties
diesel motors
overall differences
adjunct constructions
logic l
parsing hypotheses
tile string
text taggers
perform unification
semantic derivations
perlocutionary acts
learn english
rules could
two blanks
translates spoken
default logic
keeping information
experiment demonstrate
lemma selection
incremental algorithm
n fact
locative adjunct
data come
average consonant
earlier text
vague anaphors
partial utterance
give experimental
lexical options
thus e
asymmetric binary
two annotators
ms windows
efficient programming
line part
waveform generation
arcs whose
mining research
nian qing
problems still
task requires
hierarchical definition
simple parsing
ensemble approach
le r61e
resource management
representation differs
sport corpus
critical analysis
value domains
additional images
single learning
provides users
dialogue involves
cycle 1
irrelevant terms
overall difficulty
structures need
augmentd de
small capitals
referential homogeneity
phase allows
instance x
stratified sample
dependency function
disk file
notable example
clearly indicate
representations associated
interpretation components
political party
tag induction
de traitement
whose recall
syntactic paradigms
3 section
extracted triples
later point
transitive constructions
complete expressions
fragment contains
semantic proximity
feature given
subsequential function
possible agreements
ej task
e like
pane shows
6th fwp
learned classification
written data
one production
b according
original type
lowest f
coverage increased
western world
criterion cannot
node category
5 pm
improved alignment
dft coefficients
inherited features
behavioral data
nl words
informal language
always asks
certain word
simultaneous interpretation
radical solution
temporary structures
information increases
uses 1
reference model
partitioning task
find rules
boundaries often
clause instead
like composition
system task
thousand examples
important finding
traditional definition
sample using
2 parsing
also scores
paramax team
peu plus
les processus
whenever c
baseline classification
several reference
transfers control
following constituent
ambiguous information
moore model
best chinese
chinese structure
expressions without
word classifications
le schema
keywords may
single diagonal
ambiguous token
der er
category guesser
using sense
phrases included
object triples
limited coverage
particular positions
algorithm fails
ach word
possible goals
actual value
concept code
includes recognition
lingual translation
lecture material
ii w
opening brackets
dictionary consists
described within
unsupervised model
relational knowledge
header slot
tempered em
perform k
task context
extensive domain
pku closed
heap size
ambiguous alternatives
recursive manner
shared discourse
word represented
several distinct
information fusion
adnominal expressions
entire article
f j
trigram kernel
whose computational
consists basically
specified rule
jia ru
per task
effects field
propagation network
small scale
combined accuracy
right binarization
top section
episodic knowledge
annotators would
models defined
based processing
symbolic approaches
speaker believes
zipf distribution
david chiang
japanese machine
slight change
case tile
using standard
probability grouping
summary representation
economical way
standard smart
ccr corpus
implicit arguments
newspaper commentaries
properties enable
d1 pairs
nl syntax
true negatives
improved query
text type
let p
cmu sphinx
le bureau
registration domain
negative version
indefinite length
big house
acquisition mechanism
power spectrum
interactive processing
striking property
word paraphrase
decoder search
experimental expert
less effort
header action
difference list
new subgoals
best overall
hpsg lexical
davidsonian representation
model 100
neighboring states
heuristic matches
result since
subject plays
modification allows
sentence since
weights th
derived dependency
10 db
weaker notion
deterministic algorithms
la conception
noun chunks
projection subgrammar
interface representations
spelling conventions
last sunday
upper group
eight twenty
qui permettent
menu choices
considerations hold
phrase tagging
decomposition structure
style grammar
des connecteurs
increases beyond
reliability test
rules achieve
system decisions
die aufgaben
verbal prefixes
disjunctive ambiguity
tile speaker
information directly
lexical syntax
a112 a60
different cognitive
original treebank
considerable problem
body posture
ont le
wsj tree
finding models
current summarizers
6 gb
object id
intonational tune
null ject
morphological segmentation
active memory
parts using
cannot resolve
planner component
ratio test
idiomatic collocations
improved error
systems differ
setof expression
parsers become
meaningful measure
core syntactic
initialized plsa
sole member
please speak
matching relationships
best characterized
another interesting
nlg module
single phonological
inference based
un substantif
capture semantic
data different
base constraint
document cs
procedural aspects
linguistic processor
annotation schemas
object introduced
fa specification
two compound
type concerns
voicemail system
irrelevant messages
involving multiple
information onto
entity ei
three possibilities
100 ms
ir results
stemming algorithms
model l
right scan
make relevance
column j
domain patterns
multiple perspectives
parser based
achieve comparable
distances across
mapping template
complete implementation
entity mention
consecutive word
embedded quantifier
chiang 92
fiction domain
matching context
word statistics
preference knowledge
wrong predictions
verb tense
un c
k columns
pure text
investigate combining
1 person
whole phrase
mary smith
different programming
segment based
cross corpus
shows th
goal directed
rules control
conjunction may
first co
classical way
three estimates
mechanisms exist
words 1
penalty points
structures like
headword insensible
entities marked
lsa performs
computational work
pseudo feedback
key noun
hill group
independent judges
interactions required
system functionality
individual regions
sf tokens
end nlp
limited power
sum operator
cannot explore
system 6
3 h
ten sets
student could
multilingual document
fewer relevant
tensed verb
speakers used
applicable also
send information
involves knowing
systems suffer
chemical reaction
hyponym hierarchy
complex nodes
smt system
precision reported
noun bunsetsu
seem surprising
built thesauri
uniform framework
accuracy reaches
word problem
departure date
include verbal
big gap
achieves best
filler pair
vertical error
pedro foi
phrase descriptor
provide examples
learning project
sense seeds
metaphor database
specific characteristics
interpolated kneser
see daelemans
composite document
left decoding
tag information
ignore rules
structured system
various times
one elementary
correct since
probability representation
qud stack
equality relation
overlapping constraints
structure bank
chaining engine
explicit way
task harder
real pleasure
formatting codes
incorporating domain
systems developed
word wj
million word
language provide
input needs
intentional action
expression applies
using igtree
given threshold
5 shows
arrival city
words constituting
causal structure
sentences ignoring
conn p
following information
ideas behind
equation 13
eme results
genome database
distribution specified
give probability
transitive vpc
higher likelihood
reduced performance
0 means
smart ir
certain event
discourse constraint
domain representations
extended lexicon
framenet project
output produces
straightforward implementation
constraints appear
optional list
convenient way
constituent chunks
headed tree
degree words
gram size
description unification
see kroch
two years
response option
delimiting argument
sports competition
current row
interesting algorithm
string formed
brief notation
allgemeine zeitung
maximum word
following alternatives
fitting problem
produces n
table like
graph would
semantics rule
final data
un sens
word coverage
smadja 1992
recognizer used
evaluation carried
uses gaussian
general process
classification work
average strength
rank parses
first pattern
century jewellery
e sa
interpretable subgraphs
system understand
model clearly
concrete linguistic
network modification
seven sources
anc tol
including negation
present grammar
participant uses
technical issue
falls back
estimation formula
different voices
strict data
trigram score
actual set
backtrack points
john also
phrase spanning
modifying words
programming background
different mechanisms
100 instances
radical vowel
syntactic skeleton
format definition
interesting proposal
selection performance
web directories
whole relations
buys rice
required users
weak string
extensive listing
related groups
rules requiring
containing discourse
community would
results clearly
empire corpus
different noun
typological studies
message boundaries
pragmatic codes
based process
denote h
lexicalized rules
contains spontaneous
memory represents
problems within
spontaneous sentences
fewer senses
three axioms
target polysemy
tion sequence
groups rather
prolog difference
parse success
linguistic system
replacement list
entities participate
component generation
climbed ben
entire web
met sue
towards handling
performance equation
lexical candidates
forms appearing
sentence data
six classes
another drs
compositional method
interactive process
use relations
1994 association
coreference pairs
isomorphic derivation
fuzzy values
compound one
fidditch parser
three baselines
assumes control
multiple systems
final lengthening
one employed
hitzeman et
psychological reality
en ce
represent domain
arc added
total weights
language correction
de correction
either information
stack operation
23 systems
recursive cfg
salience weights
confidence given
data obtained
ontological semantic
clauses introduced
logical data
system informs
use makes
field information
a7 ma10
summarize relevant
constraint satisfaction
appear somewhere
1 training
underlying database
state recognizer
crucial use
phrase spotting
similarity methods
office correspondence
sentence combinations
based capitalizer
et pr
clearly performs
character clusters
c john
32 mixture
constituents already
include support
unified analysis
verb selectional
model reaches
predicative constructions
terms linked
paths u
competing senses
voiced consonants
research item
see e
fill values
commercial system
sorting criteria
derivational morphemes
speech would
black square
relationships may
called class
use clustering
performance per
applications also
technical assistance
system represented
process sketched
actual system
grammar notation
group one
eastern europe
new grammar
multilingual database
89 words
classification precision
final projects
parsing speed
representation des
set due
tile category
best mira
parser decides
phras e
many diverse
term collection
surface analyses
binary distinction
hand position
une chalne
surface cues
fixed codeword
cf production
markov modeling
random tree
combined cluster
templates needed
traditional summarization
vision system
consonant cluster
given tense
context distributions
np bracketings
constraint agent
classes directly
underlying principles
another modality
decimal expansion
corrections suggested
syntax could
encode knowledge
section 4
great reduction
independent processes
cannot support
addresses three
using forward
languages offer
order items
true sub
p2 would
dire need
21578 corpus
preliminary experiment
one entity
recognition vocabulary
extreme form
morphophonemic rules
crafted rule
turn structure
movement verb
story says
human errors
simple modifications
topic change
previous description
specialized grammar
wrapping adjunction
score along
biomedical ne
briefly discussed
rule grammars
identification f
activation flow
constant partial
migration process
nl access
loci theory
unification succeeds
personal computing
function names
word synonym
ratio table
therefore provide
wide availability
direct computation
restriction seems
main parameters
diminishing return
use might
textual answer
precision drops
planning structures
define five
juman morphological
weighted maximum
item represents
productive process
determiner phrase
word features
module evaluates
tuning set
unseen adjective
transfer system
september 1989
identifies proper
richard schwartz
word also
w x
sentence found
argument match
program produced
new unit
parser calls
sources could
tam labels
dlsi method
one known
coordinate clauses
linguistic words
hypothesized model
state s2
additional concepts
explicit constraint
storage efficiency
seconds long
following reichenbach
answer list
deep object
implementation technique
vp sub
domain aspects
33v test
de contenu
morphological generation
including e
information listed
developed resources
explore techniques
procedural programming
empty argument
multilingual parallel
relation subtypes
candidate verbs
system questions
map surface
complex text
investigate issues
way people
operates without
poor data
original message
disambiguating words
obstacle satellite
output pairs
discourse shows
every definite
geopolitical entities
user query
art n
approach see
explanations given
ardissono et
transformation table
algorithm outlined
module includes
full temporal
figure includes
nunberg et
size corpora
counting algorithm
less probability
construct referring
pp ambiguity
et ses
corner grammar
class combinations
participating sites
static analysis
main theme
verbs undergo
seem counterintuitive
restricting information
null training
route segment
values indicate
np may
heuristic manner
null ward
different credit
daelemans et
worse coverage
neca system
edge pair
separate annotations
position rather
maximal accuracy
interest rate
word involved
xfst scripts
aer began
programming algorithm
language using
also e
scaled value
interpretive system
semantic dialogue
also poses
several advantages
word across
backoff weight
modifier case
leaf categories
wider public
controlled study
semantic roles
succession domain
model synthesis
new relevant
extraneous material
arbitrary objects
additional aspects
complement auxiliary
semantic symbol
context extraction
method actually
analysis consists
smt decoders
increasing sophistication
contains errors
global performance
000 eojeols
constraint functions
actual words
first phoneme
causative sense
ct al
sub proposition
1000 test
english without
training string
parking space
user error
que pour
use binary
three nps
perspective adopted
best morpheme
inheritance principles
entry forms
symbolic feature
idiomatic interpretations
importe quel
text according
complement interpretations
confidence interval
13 features
maps terms
use corpus
natural evolution
floating point
observed frequencies
arguments may
weights must
mergin g
event involving
proposed model
retrieval key
reflect good
using utterance
statements using
optimal values
mentioned object
useful notion
separate evaluations
action 2
embedded constituents
small section
bethard et
unconstrained format
monolingual speech
sa tell
defined formalism
various places
different purpose
probabilities assigned
text message
e pr
chat text
better suit
system extract
led display
agent acting
air mission
procedure using
celle du
viable option
gda tagset
software would
drs construction
weka implementation
extra element
cannot exploit
inferential knowledge
personal emails
blue block
correct reference
process leads
slots 1
translations presented
procedural mechanisms
position 4
representation serves
element depends
first context
per problem
greatest accuracy
input appears
ambiguous construct
single choice
theories based
appropriate place
serious attempt
consider cases
characteristic value
final lowering
ranking methods
lri algorithm
tile number
many affixes
communicate among
410 reviews
disjunctive interaction
lower degree
grammar fd
states bordering
brown sections
system coverage
present authors
node serves
information units
realization must
following x
also dominates
shared elements
information extractor
gloss overlap
supervised learner
largest intersection
wordnet antonym
second program
kirchho et
per extract
predecessor words
process could
thesaurus generation
partially address
segment texts
genetic disorders
many lines
special symbols
manuals domain
many translation
location commands
sample dialogue
frequency band
ctb 250k
recognizing table
pour son
either position
response set
focus feature
october 2001
increased accuracy
arcs bear
every index
sentence generated
translated segments
second daughter
specific configuration
0 implies
avec les
approach makes
parser failures
international trade
data preparation
grammatical environment
new senses
structure used
important source
distribution among
methods consider
user initially
sales director
pivoted qr
linkage method
alternative attachments
egyptian colloquial
three measures
typ e
dependency grammars
french ministry
advisory systems
il n
event introduced
continued support
sequence numbers
times bigger
main paradigms
default mechanisms
gram length
reference chain
class relation
typical element
feature percolation
recurrence relation
development period
degree polynomial
embedding information
atomic formulas
growing area
relevance values
algorithm extracts
scores using
approach toward
understand discourse
ot constraints
describes f
bearing sentences
lexical coherence
level boundaries
resources provided
1 parses
generated reports
specialized senses
authors refer
simple coordination
one multi
ordering exists
database contents
business community
recursion sequence
schemes may
preposition given
syntactic search
a38 a47
rules efficiently
paper rely
construct word
discrimination performance
2 languages
basic categorial
basic strategies
database tuples
programming languages
ic function
e class
diagonal gaussian
way concatenation
tree representation
82 sentences
indeed require
level style
several turns
recursive productions
minimal frequency
following ldoce
n word
full answer
lemma gives
one native
weighted list
depth 4
corpora contain
conventional translation
kuba et
including sets
based length
satellite relation
extra characters
either x
referent x
joint activities
second discourse
recent effort
phonetic modeling
card number
7 contains
ie paradigm
entries stored
carberry 1983
later reference
new dictionaries
character symbols
one machine
parenthetical component
approach might
matching constituent
pitch change
xiang dai
phonetic similarity
previous scenario
text generators
qualified sentences
2 corresponds
exhaustive set
sentence pierre
melodic discontinuity
statistical mt
frames shown
via internet
grammatical morpheme
net based
concept tokens
segmented sentences
therefore restrict
important advances
property ascribing
membership function
sentential objects
starting values
triggering properties
carberry 1985
experiment result
previous language
means tile
tagger without
dna sequence
semantic reasoning
pattern arc
merging steps
e et
special effects
dealt primarily
item sets
assume p
lexical identity
rule components
descending order
chain models
inferences based
ordering heuristics
trigger toolkit
r development
shown promising
td filtering
syntactic development
head rules
multiple triggers
verbal prefix
mus component
semantic alternations
sense corresponding
200 examples
understanding user
conventional notions
used discourse
represent elementary
irrelevant texts
intonational patterns
figure 3d
utterance patterns
common api
relations need
random nature
incompatible values
cannot lead
classification rather
offensive counter
terminology data
towards non
keyboard conversations
target id
parsetalk model
observed occurrences
different module
gaussian map
uniqueness value
printed material
recognition pass
sampling technique
nearby words
objects represent
paper instead
electric light
main verb
greater problem
les contraintes
system features
paper dictionaries
scheme involves
problem formulation
information fiom
response options
completer step
noise filter
grained tags
patterns derived
system also
intelligent applications
black holes
detected errors
fixed size
adjectives related
association value
conceptual template
random among
press newswire
random order
representing meanings
trigram case
token word
progress since
relative efficiency
dictionaries may
existing definitions
robust signal
sequence relation
containing line
content rather
give preliminary
exceptional connections
jhu summer
dimensional spaces
training scfs
different agents
comprises three
generate tree
preposition semantics
relation fi
base templates
complicated situations
axioms describing
cbas rules
directive utterance
current pattern
john phoned
template could
morphological derivations
many individuals
111 agents
also incorporates
state distribution
good lexical
performance objectives
chain selection
task information
stylistic scores
make robust
quintus prolog
head like
many people
computer programming
recognition significantly
intuition leads
weekly basis
context exclusion
allows processing
pk metric
fgd framework
order type
whole day
nuance toolkit
initial item
rational relations
checking system
assumption discharge
nonnative english
question sets
grammar describing
represent sentence
subordinate relations
frequency list
sentence relative
additional programming
relevant difference
set always
characteristic set
systems provided
system involved
insufficient context
another e
greater coverage
zero parameter
extracted text
process control
system across
tree design
rightmost derivation
phrase constructions
meanin g
null sequence
utterance representations
containing elements
general structure
involve long
recipe domain
decoding method
transcriptions used
interaction protocol
certain character
paramax system
set assigned
three document
spelling rules
final semantic
planning tasks
possible constituent
alphabet symbols
analyzable words
resnik et
collaborative planning
response words
judge found
classification manual
japanese vowel
minor premise
certain rare
linear cost
vowel shifts
expected meaning
corpus tree
bridging anaphora
adjunction edges
single underlying
contain components
design principles
inl formula
short path
following representations
major objective
certain operators
stress marker
incoherence values
predictor components
major modifications
outperforms tree
complex relationship
concordance lines
important component
simple lead
committee consisting
parsing proposed
smaller amount
single graph
predicate interpretation
dar et
generated lexica
predicted phrase
parameters settings
term word
recognition hypotheses
important sentences
chinese counterparts
1992 evaluation
freelance translators
4 j
parsing phase
calendar dates
attribute condition
chain may
igor mel
definitions within
attitude frames
environment consisting
nist scores
x feature
juan le
equal weights
spanish ministry
lexical discovery
grammaticality index
first report
images occur
syntactic skeletons
using backward
shared attributes
short function
new link
generic domain
score distributions
character lengths
first intuition
empty wh
la distinction
training acoustic
oracle sentences
primitive conditions
representation called
way anova
proximity score
useful pre
thus l
ambiguous string
description refers
adult speech
peripheral storage
scoring dependency
6 x
communicative behaviour
parameters consist
thesaurus using
given input
macro context
sentence consist
abridged repair
standard structure
three experiments
basic task
active intervals
organising map
closest words
inference model
subsequent retrieval
good automatic
subcategorization acquisition
linguistic levels
certainty conditions
detailed mathematical
fixed distance
alternative interpretation
first pronoun
standard tagging
processing technique
node called
logical semantic
matching information
complex data
rst case
represent temporal
minimal subset
nasr et
ney 2000
like objects
early constituent
lexemic conversion
parsing action
parser model
perform 10
8 hours
weighting method
phrases rather
makhoul et
entire utterance
additional mechanisms
4 contain
larger k
whole term
acquired lexicons
method handles
bigram grammar
autres r
dependent systems
since dialogue
morphological markings
map adaptation
input shown
position alignment
help alleviate
stronger association
attribution studies
segment model
grammatical constructs
oriented understudy
predicate function
agent a2
whose stems
also alleviate
ldoce definitions
one criterion
majority decision
sentential contexts
distributed language
using letter
subjects typically
correct student
e syntactic
2005 results
reference distribution
sls kernel
dis uency
proper verb
smt approaches
key challenge
volume 9
achieve flexibility
dialogue situations
associated verb
feature systems
50 iterations
typical qa
indian languages
better capture
complex combinations
parser similar
bill saw
single theme
training mode
hybrid representation
coverage problems
penntree bank
optimal decision
optional object
reduce conflicts
location information
one chunk
detection automata
years old
tools include
box codes
simple action
prior studies
class association
sentence first
12 points
different cut
thousand concepts
noun premodifiers
collaborative algorithm
write e
deep case
provides helpful
study involving
chunking experiments
string cannot
comic system
greater power
aa k
large cluster
accuracy wsd
natural treatment
cancellation step
source types
attachment rules
1985 paul
robust behaviour
dutch sentences
manual encoding
occurrence similarity
space modeling
la grandeur
proofs using
although users
transducer transition
identical parts
low likelihood
similar verbs
secondary roles
21 articles
dimension 1
states whose
heavy noun
match signal
space similarity
forward direction
verb takes
sense defined
mt development
spelling variants
driven mechanisms
discourse pegs
environment variables
phrases du
specific objects
basic decisions
class selection
n model
clauses become
concept relations
involving complex
baseline 3
short pause
like pps
index 0
nakanishi 1992
state element
swiss german
morpheme must
9 model
verb ambiguity
first identifies
suitable length
sound rules
attitude frame
traditional categorial
research evidence
linguistic sequences
descriptions produced
methods use
interrogative pronouns
labeled brackets
pattern set
final target
long lines
obtain feedback
anaphoric dependencies
possibly contain
10 categories
experiment involving
subjective speech
without alignment
15 systems
including person
size factor
pairwise rankings
dana lea
appropriate feedback
one motivation
similarity keys
scheme works
single test
long path
modeling process
software reuse
financial advice
improve grammar
past main
making information
total average
verbmobil test
independent ones
n similar
current phoneme
corpus collected
actual presupposition
three assertions
uses modified
case fi
several networks
model per
data improves
replacement frame
repeated reference
expected order
generative linguistics
computational modelling
grammars given
preliminary implementation
treebank also
celles de
results indicated
systems 2
input level
match string
yates 1992
possible information
start indices
constituency tree
valid analysis
function tagger
kita et
step procedure
given np
single composite
concept clustering
class labels
characteristic words
translations could
similarity feature
reversible transfer
backpropagation algorithm
lexical problems
linguistic approaches
relevant components
million character
deleted words
tag rate
sentence passages
full expansion
accuracy seems
different mappings
classification rate
1 actor
relative sentence
nested phrases
algorithm adjusts
political events
norton et
cf backbone
text expressions
possible consequences
particular perspectives
also briefly
different seed
tic information
whose subject
20 document
steps 7
write f
ancient greek
word entry
sound like
occurrence contexts
balanced precision
information might
two differ
recurrent networks
three principles
subcategorisation contexts
interleaved parsing
president bill
semantic integration
exact relationship
textual semantics
authors want
function might
previous paper
operations de
possible alternatives
ferret et
defeasible rules
constituent structures
sequences without
sentence sj
pitch tracker
noise reduction
language dialogue
pages 111
class may
scatter plots
c literature
common morphological
sequence models
decision may
dialogue interpretation
tag string
greatly affects
character accuracy
complex queries
description use
a39 a40
completion steps
current context
sequential classification
direct evaluation
syntactic divergences
clang corpus
sennheiser hmd224
exceed 1
grammatical formalisms
plural nouns
two paraphrases
gestural input
common subgraph
corresponding candidate
null task
dependency determination
representation f
corpus tagged
various threshold
advanced students
use must
channel module
a46 a3
language essentially
syntax output
without query
theoretical claims
first constituent
relationshi p
equivalent number
term event
following string
experiments indicated
experiment results
faster parser
3tuple sequence
subject elipsis
variation relation
automatic approaches
parsing formalism
good advice
quick summary
j starting
roger schank
intentional analysis
concept might
crf algorithm
novel event
providing sufficient
tense reading
free production
critical aspect
frame code
absence de
trend survey
candidate np
accuracy score
chinese writing
predict syllable
node f
8 concludes
metaphorical meaning
paper advocates
better performance
answer classes
corresponding automata
lexical units
search strategies
seeking tasks
park avenue
c mode
prager et
verb rules
specific similarity
dictionary comprised
train travel
common point
appositive recognition
4 senses
information enables
two speaker
c unifies
cmu corpus
based chunker
empirical approach
simple bp
approach based
human likeness
l shows
node definition
j yi
sense translations
squares method
system lists
per row
iordanskaja et
3 features
decreasing frequency
rescoring experiments
use large
uses minimal
push operations
simple formalism
formal style
original pronunciation
without error
introduits par
application process
processing together
ambiguous readings
original implementation
dative verb
using llr
environment normalization
low values
variable p
relative temporal
phrase whose
letters according
transition penalty
language course
dynamic characteristics
much mass
new view
john thought
classes constructed
taggers also
object belongs
frequency values
operation succeeds
head elements
limited space
one matrix
documents classified
assignment g
slight extension
ahgned sentences
value based
janin et
six thousand
second line
help satisfy
whole enterprise
30 tokens
domains require
accuracy slightly
dico ls
long pause
dop models
slash categories
equipment failures
corpus tag
recent publications
nominal caseframe
length information
information collator
also satisfy
line corpus
active subdialog
msa verb
representation includes
attribution techniques
lexicon look
np agent
transfer approaches
two extracts
description allows
verb like
links per
syntactic usage
interesting grammars
use minimum
templatic morphology
individual referents
one solution
including training
subjective senses
continuing work
pure semantic
define word
fundamental characteristics
clear pattern
appropriate label
figure 3b
selection without
60 context
dialog requires
shieber 1987
type constraint
studies conducted
page numbers
way seems
line approach
probability falls
conjunctive features
current penn
little problem
00 words
rules add
node includes
phrase library
algorithm provided
system draws
learning mechanism
nominalization suffix
extended lingol
smoothing power
sentence bracket
real potential
align words
last k
combining operations
module provides
single incident
december 2000
highlight two
level dictionary
top features
every individual
algorithm looks
level tree
structure captures
dynamic sliding
sequence may
second elements
particular systems
head annotation
edge would
tree dependencies
outer one
conversational spoken
given period
show two
text chunks
role annotation
induction strategies
composition rules
charm law
strongest piece
best parser
corpus vocabulary
27 words
acquired examples
semantic correspondence
professeur est
june 1991
express differences
single device
lexical transducer
geographical feature
left vague
transition summaries
tile template
system worked
atomic condition
writing implement
object language
declarative information
trigrarn language
april 2002
whole texts
path parser
user simply
corresponding production
theory scores
windows interface
24 slots
discontinuous entities
desired output
rules attached
tedious task
provide instructions
types encountered
9 question
effects arising
interesting difference
two obligatory
various verbs
data pool
introduce special
contains full
human problem
tone occurs
standard response
ontological generalization
symbolic logic
train svms
feature applies
object relationship
within groups
robust mode
models capable
database content
one corresponding
full solution
ai workers
logical tbrm
phoneme class
value zero
provide possible
a13 a17
later sections
unique structure
interactiv e
pitch dark
bob mutually
x performs
different intention
sample consisted
move scripts
information elicited
second annotation
long list
corresponding changes
dialog context
java virtual
a26 a42
contract k
configuration space
effective interface
standard edit
sonority sequencing
health problems
see l
maximum total
marked term
generator looks
default specification
maxent toolkit
cannot know
deleting words
heuristics 4
x y1
one examines
directed join
erroneous sentence
g maps
phrase penalty
uses k
hand annotated
definition part
causative alternation
np functions
complete tokenization
wordnet relation
recognition speed
transliteration unit
adjn data
arbitrary types
different inflectional
nltoolset system
b becomes
classification error
formal treatment
overall proportion
ellison one
fcr constraints
indexed set
question training
exact relation
spatial cluster
possible position
rank features
refinement module
return home
final proposition
constructed semi
le c
approximate methods
fixed tree
expanded forms
tile discussion
minimal antecedent
recursion equation
paragraph vector
occur close
mapping errors
test file
comparative structure
candidate elimination
example dependency
opinion pieces
correctly assigns
proves useful
combining expressions
kazawa et
rheme hierarchy
bag translation
atomic expression
ordinate clauses
generalization ability
k using
research involves
journal portion
like hpsg
single clause
underlying grammar
identify entities
stage procedure
per paragraph
word confidence
manual sentences
aligned paragraph
extracts containing
prosody generation
hierarchies generated
suggestions concerning
utterance immediately
acceptable sense
incremental analysis
corresponding ones
verb participates
every miner
right time
state beam
elementary predications
np n
1981 candace
intermediate tree
search task
opposite directions
differences reported
different default
validation testing
sentence si
soft drink
linguistic facts
replicancia relation
modest amount
segmentation work
initial dictionary
filler rule
particular mental
salient units
initial tree
chunk node
independent categories
functional features
oriented instructions
partition clustering
relation graphs
steps required
glossary entries
apply either
binary prediction
simple calculation
paraphrase templates
rules fire
unreliable assignments
best weighting
multilingual grammar
annotations required
seem useful
basic statistics
assign words
kaigi ga
nested source
system displays
another person
lexical phrase
processing however
parametric model
metropolis algorithm
accent type
kind support
des livres
repair without
additional module
majority ordering
useful material
upon user
le num
routing results
complete tasks
directed links
scf confidence
users speak
pcc160 microphone
word space
closer integration
like plan
different computers
forms tend
two category
analysis work
computer agents
problems regarding
good effect
answer pair
constituents given
labelled examples
model yields
kikui 1999
s2 quasi
express subjectivity
4 compares
weighted score
represent positions
basic problem
cases involving
practical japanese
character cluster
default mappings
level meaning
like verbmobil
conventional mongolian
complex relative
attribute noise
discourse genre
synthesis model
le sens
heuristics fail
new design
using porter
splitting technique
sense clusters
third hypothesis
candidate rules
event description
label nodes
intent behind
foundation faculty
acquisition stage
structured feature
embedded city
figure h
side symbol
also l
pos block
appropriate points
mesh training
right segment
words describing
prunes away
quan guo
e ignored
people interested
conversational control
expressions define
conditional bigram
internal features
example instances
lists containing
said cover
e generation
humans might
database management
input received
gesture forms
computational mode
ed together
mentioned properties
well systems
typical contexts
treebank parsers
federal reserve
general verbs
separated mode
syntactic resources
local domain
discourse manager
semantic adjuncts
given referent
explicit antecedent
devtest set
answer identification
following links
problems studied
applications requires
chosen documents
evaluate methods
utterances starting
equivalent iff
identified terms
synset would
flexible combination
coherence would
would access
document domain
extracted relation
net model
mapping h
trees composed
chooses appropriate
conversion rules
obvious difference
scores 0
acquiring translations
small problem
cooccurrence information
mainichi daily
tokunaga et
one vowel
improved f
underlying segment
inheritance grammar
basic coverage
experimental item
semantic interpreter
100 times
optional case
consumer healthcare
used generative
closest related
derive information
input lines
certain element
among registers
two genres
current request
track experiments
input translation
segmentation precision
python programming
using step
gate also
belief space
equipment model
homophone sets
complex semantic
mapping fi
frequency classes
template output
sortal restrictions
extreme simplicity
tracking results
decomposition program
online dictionaries
reference adverbial
best represent
similar input
using maxent
recent formulation
engine queries
processing facilities
u f
bracketing rule
users try
true english
system returned
detailed feature
measure evaluates
chinese transliterations
manchester guardian
notation makes
language expert
data samples
actual newspaper
time referent
let el
word tbrms
bank annotated
n character
chinese discourse
combining chunks
different characteristics
speech material
information based
elements whose
locative verbs
heuristic approach
trigram centered
function based
fixed meaning
1 z
simple substitutions
functional systemic
object relation
electrode v
english generator
alignment approach
multiple nodes
roll verbs
robert mercer
context derived
factor 0
candidate referent
fukumoto et
reliability results
cv experiments
instance 2
users sometimes
complex labels
pattern candidates
inference chain
simple indexing
second class
assigned label
state filter
probabilities associated
domain specification
existing implementations
small coverage
phenomenon arises
goal statement
contextual word
sense inference
positive effect
3 sg
distribution obtained
linguistic developments
definition analyser
kasper rounds
lingual case
pipelined system
word occuring
indefinite np
compile time
one principle
knowledge elements
winnow method
relevance judgements
path value
volume 16
3718 sentences
query processing
many classes
reference database
null questions
section ii
office management
translingual distributional
de transfert
elided vps
measure tile
node addressed
context necessary
simply returns
file two
bottom feature
hybrid disambiguation
evidence types
9695 sentences
award iri
generated templates
cascaded model
type frequency
language experiences
mathematical object
participants know
initial meaning
three probabilities
variation may
maximal type
probabilistic classification
laura pecchia
abstract knowledge
logic engine
level tag
evaluation according
using verbnet
insufficient information
preceding tokens
another training
qlf term
closer correspondence
automatic feature
german verbal
optional argument
target description
verb elements
improve agreement
macintosh common
sophisticated forms
refined rules
5 processing
three corpora
link given
operations similar
functional import
formal property
impossible bigrams
quantifier cannot
mt results
linguistic factors
identify synonyms
rosetta framework
x indicates
context size
additional specification
lexical tagger
summary phrase
qualifying information
first position
pivot word
untensed verb
word manually
oz studies
grammar permits
bilingual signs
rare nouns
control loop
remaining tags
high relative
van zanten
8 states
boundary phonemes
comprise two
inter levels
temporal scale
corresponding form
naive implementation
correlation score
use post
many frame
noun collocations
modified parser
models seem
certain characters
method previously
x windows
four arguments
compositional verb
subject correlation
xi huan
memory requirements
phonological structures
use phrases
high association
german np
company nam
individual values
using b
ante gram
translation dictionary
cd models
studied language
disambiguation data
unlimited amounts
ch c
lfg approximations
shimohata et
processes input
current constituent
essential arguments
every phrase
penman upper
american terrorism
confounding factors
clusters produced
link matrix
terminological research
candidate slot
one dependent
probably result
language realization
scores show
powerful language
la f
portuguese subword
noisy text
provide mechanisms
navigate among
standard constructions
form indicates
usually works
distinctions beyond
generate hypotheses
tpi systems
sont au
several structures
human examiner
noun determiner
cannot easily
achieve nearly
nested sentences
evaluation experiment
biomedical papers
central insight
basic top
motivated word
sequence alignments
parser determines
linguistics computational
bennacef et
la definition
basic features
obvious limitation
one computer
parsing components
transfer feature
private knowledge
model 7
probability drop
learning morpho
treebank pcfg
pitch movements
coordination structure
committee members
construct lexical
000 news
economic reports
letter following
process considerably
linear way
decades later
language integration
7 hours
node addresses
responses returned
modal operators
enablement relations
introduces lexical
accuracy greater
allowed access
complex nouns
system goals
legal reasoning
corresponding entity
high semantic
next week
idiomatic verb
guide text
realization component
moschitti et
complement verb
sentence plans
bnc data
possible representations
8 illustrates
features shows
links produced
subset language
theory represents
derivation using
context within
primitive act
therefore show
internal structural
corpus parsing
kan et
evaluative argument
tim e
technique outlined
text summarisation
systems processed
created pattern
grammar involves
conventional algorithms
several actions
erent methods
mandala et
200 concepts
adjacent constituents
model iii
collect statistics
simple components
clustering documents
frequent errors
corresponding categories
thresholds 0
words 3
multilingual dictionaries
weighted mixture
investigation reveals
specific project
entry b
comprising propositions
sigmoid function
gis algorithm
lexical terms
sequential minimal
evaluation focuses
absolute error
scored word
maximum subtree
corresponding trees
key points
proof tree
upper limit
neutral phrasing
student wants
randomly selects
main trend
control problems
language user
select terms
idf weighting
chinese ideographs
table generation
values close
typical plan
v prep
language depends
3 paoc
transcribed text
common data
intersection method
tagger generator
includes trend
usc information
learning materials
nlp systems
accept certain
nict jle
lexical bases
one cue
c 2
phoneme segmentation
needed information
section headers
extraction application
node higher
event language
proper weight
element boundaries
step strategy
typing model
information science
oracle experiments
semantic repositories
association operator
15 seconds
tableau suivant
associated weight
classification number
sufficient length
useful tools
corresponding answers
resolved drss
template patterns
extracts candidate
specific attribute
incomplete input
procedure tries
resolution strategies
separate list
given line
salient relations
computational perspective
jape language
urdu text
expressions allows
natural order
scalar notions
involves four
input list
efficiency due
language l2
becomes significant
ad hoe
system accesses
tree names
general events
available heuristics
uniqueness presupposition
4 judges
initial order
lifelike agents
another l
without distinction
common combinations
scene analysis
specification would
topic continuation
line must
translations output
max value
cooperative speaker
already part
ten questions
actions must
expressive lexical
express linguistic
c n2
pragmatic value
arcs connecting
ways one
problematic data
soft margin
acceptable forms
based corrector
binary indicator
complex demonstrations
possible arrangements
delphi system
various input
seventy percent
consecutive characters
procedure depends
system presented
grams occur
schwester klopfte
subject refers
delicate balance
group 1
5 b
appropriate chinese
free multi
wu et
3 displays
determine word
final n
inference scheme
integrating prosody
description shown
alignment uses
string form
single search
putative gene
market scenarios
peut donner
r nodes
strict generalization
measures like
multiple text
language transcripts
tabular methods
lower group
matching string
many states
1 yields
grapheme conversion
symbol used
quelque chose
concept must
difference would
centric approach
reflexive attribute
frame tokens
input file
acoustic parameters
know anything
smaller corpora
constructions may
correct name
pages 91
free backbone
classes based
disambiguation queries
ambiguity scheme
time line
necessary requirement
mer training
effect sizes
promising basis
firth 1957
function calls
resource situations
hirao et
see mccord
training regime
boolean combinations
also describe
recognition phase
logical functions
insertion rules
important interdependencies
page may
models together
first observe
add words
consider word
dependence relation
specific types
root pairs
altered phonemes
figure 6
scalar implicatures
nf proof
c knowledge
last observation
syntactic connection
grammar writers
different points
derived structure
set associated
output expressions
partial rewriting
amharic words
decisive role
component distributions
uneven margin
1000 triples
n compounds
expression data
left channel
following remark
indicator feature
target utterances
translations x
intentions must
hidden words
similar ambiguity
change values
video indexing
global inheritance
good fit
transcription operation
expressed emotion
transformed grammar
million characters
technique developed
manual inspection
identify relationships
rules plus
three stories
current information
thirteen senses
male population
ir models
type dependency
observed joint
common reference
reading behavior
model g
time elements
cole et
general population
initial prompt
information broker
simple analysis
objects related
standard datasets
text becomes
stylistic criteria
source representation
system requires
predefined rules
bod 1993
white node
given annotation
key advantage
temporal parameter
transduction module
analysis fails
smallest total
temporary graph
channel characteristics
acceptable utterance
individual frames
many correspondences
result due
control policy
sentence due
idf value
xml based
compute optimal
overall run
strict direction
built lexicons
term lexical
new disambiguation
name pn
best system
top entry
huge number
clinical question
neutral orientation
legal expert
automated processing
producing multiple
error percentages
verb class
amount proportional
statistical machine
description contains
applications could
first construct
communicative knowledge
rule group
never reach
declarative representations
present perfect
300 collocations
target language
temporal indicator
external processes
adequately capture
new part
tagging speed
segmentation programs
registered sentence
establishing coreference
wrong correction
inside square
ungrammatical string
consistency modeling
asl signers
evaluation procedures
weighting parameters
constituency parsing
nonterminal wv
object selection
11 times
multilingual link
subsequential finite
analysis rather
alphabetical list
literal goal
complete sentence
linear constraint
accurate analyses
major breaks
22 points
erroneous recognition
mhz pc
terminal segment
ben ren
hobbs 1977
used strategy
client side
number within
starting lexicon
general recursive
speech without
generate different
formal meaning
major difference
either confirm
edit distances
ranked class
description level
undesirable effect
training exercise
pos nodes
choix des
greater confidence
area network
word leads
variable denoting
phrases denote
use symbolic
capitalization restoration
weighted case
two rooms
therefore depends
series 22
two marker
middle consonant
uses contextual
underspecified tags
analysis programs
lexical anaphor
lexical issues
subject c
bar structures
tipster engineering
multivariate statistical
whose error
simple unsupervised
paice 1990
wsd results
produced data
labeled sentence
general writing
peter kim
apply feature
various online
using wn
complex equipment
new code
1000 results
networks would
shorter output
cost becomes
humphreys et
constrained ml
average deviation
structural reasons
single picture
a39a25a13 a15
depth scores
general characterization
argm labels
role filler
view shows
barge ins
structures using
linguistic acceptability
individual classes
boolean queries
speaker needs
parse step
representation provides
polanyi 1988
word could
locations may
pi model
classification des
autosegmental association
conceptual errors
subset relation
aux inversion
pa 19104
topic title
unstructured texts
summary side
donini et
regularization parameters
john happens
current fs
semantic sources
class generalization
second probability
content distinction
similar rules
aofrr 1992
graphic conveying
initial distributive
quantification rule
word suffixes
feature independence
robust knowledge
language named
class n
evaluate spoken
acquired patterns
set drawn
graphemic form
discourse fragments
verb ep
a1 a30
different distributional
chou algorithm
independent motivation
type checking
top returned
katz 1987
context length
value similar
bm25 algorithm
method achieves
object may
motivated model
main results
determining relevance
group sessions
timbl 5
nodes must
psychological evidence
surface sequence
column 8
correlate closely
one homograph
exchange schema
individual object
th sentence
separable prefixes
standard optimization
ideographic terminal
pbm zone
matrix subject
ideal situation
resolution task
inheritance link
approach considered
expansion module
lexical decomposition
end symbols
constituent acts
induction problem
paint onto
simple ontology
parameterized regions
semantics research
based input
carroll 1993
traditional top
communication language
step deals
good similarity
proposition containing
standard hidden
correct genus
traditional features
criterion defined
daughter tree
event relation
random function
individual frame
degrade significantly
skip words
classifiers according
phonological theories
phenomena treated
better tools
iii also
developed models
clause reading
approaches proposed
lhe l
ranking patterns
interactive input
initial asm
score derived
potential distractors
specific pos
completely disjoint
two transformation
case running
state ql
wide domain
shallow features
table using
attachment heuristics
probably results
ontology merging
like prosody
sh 6
perform translation
active saturation
initial observations
stage strategy
several theories
except pronouns
test score
boundaries tend
true e
expensive procedure
attachment specialist
penalty value
possessive np
genuine errors
christiane fellbaum
used smoothing
called dialogue
meaning assigned
phrase interaction
theory described
electronic detectors
thirty minutes
algorithm evaluates
feminine gender
dialog information
individual decision
quality scores
automaton grammar
ie applications
chapanis et
discourse process
using length
kappa agreement
close relatives
swear words
based format
intended applications
4 cannot
considerable overlap
existential variable
translation involves
frequency ordering
arie bob
paragraphs long
usually contains
use human
simple baseline
frequency differences
grammar tutor
ripper rule
paraphrasing may
single result
systemic approach
four templates
il concept
include important
issued debt
corporate names
special type
greek language
scoring process
much power
history items
time decoding
length string
point median
function unify
usenet news
handle stories
level parsing
exists k
language interpreter
automatically selects
using tbl
complete interpretations
form hierarchy
pronunciation model
language alone
hidden behind
become instantiated
region around
mature system
text structures
semantic uniformity
manual creation
alignment must
20 stories
lexicon manager
central resource
vocabulary test
three time
voice commands
skolem functions
major limitation
winning node
practical problem
necessarily implies
improvement decreases
wdh labels
level hypotheses
reference probabilities
annotation repository
guy lapalme
large reference
valency entries
frame relations
closely approximates
anaphoric relations
represent valid
classes de
empty subject
content analyses
precise specification
famous sentence
repetition accuracy
consonants must
trained decision
child relations
grained analysis
numerical optimisation
providing feedback
selected collocations
given class
automated process
early closure
pattern discovery
wellformedness conditions
entries describing
300 sentence
e application
pragmatic system
sequence n
main resources
second deals
separate values
lower left
specific prosody
direct access
ansi c
percolation constraints
data segments
ending position
input values
nested nps
verbs frequently
nonlexical rules
word happens
l occurs
broader discourse
statistical criterion
wordnet glosses
choice experts
consider example
serve dinner
search also
annotator adds
principled account
performs word
inner domains
apply edp
le vin
null tern
tag 2
speakers prefer
vector product
permitted entry
public information
feature dimensions
collins head
syntactic description
expression generated
inference driven
dependent nodes
5 outlines
model maintains
fill rule
verbal frames
category since
conceptual environment
evaluate retrieval
proof involves
perrault 1980
phonemic level
implement unification
conjoined constituents
experimental evidence
nice argument
adjacent syllables
mrs structures
wip system
word retrieval
amount head
generator includes
considered verbs
technical author
major components
parser driven
diffusion process
recursive phrases
processes like
target relation
little pleasantness
annotation content
thus yields
decreases rapidly
representation h
six slots
based np
context specified
adequate performance
new dataset
index key
parser portability
answer would
prediction algorithm
corpus obtained
p means
every anaphor
sidner model
additional characteristics
current partial
lexical assignments
character type
matching variant
sense accuracy
university computing
incorrect string
opinion entity
style trees
query length
new tagset
morphological theory
objects appear
explique la
node h
segmentation rate
concrete applications
score within
overall effectiveness
predicate identification
patterns recognized
transcribed data
primitive predicates
discrete math
experts using
k 0
domain label
epsilon transition
believe x
boundary positions
ngram model
object ol
entity annotator
ideographic languages
knowledge brought
time effort
justification rules
root type
noord 1997
syntaxique de
conventional case
massive amounts
mechanical process
easy task
independent semantics
speaker turn
mapping problem
rightmost frontier
use sentences
possible readings
frame might
scenarios involving
small gains
nominal concept
attachment resolution
define lexical
complete answer
different codes
cover rule
controlled terms
measure overall
subsumption relationship
reasonable level
times feature
powerful models
access path
20 articles
mary pushed
parse within
a0 a25
planning situation
frank et
zero features
c ratio
scores alone
weighted determinization
5 describes
g b
candidate anchor
translated material
applications requiring
arabic system
inner loop
filtering function
q u
duc evaluations
uninterpolated average
punctuation disambiguation
specific contribution
audio browsing
corresponding chunk
lower performance
reversible nlp
bank 2
solved form
language tbr
possible substructures
following knowledge
increasing interest
obtaining information
present form
various rules
need multiple
question denotes
parsability scores
three subcases
supply enough
clause makes
segmented corpora
newspapers published
iff w
topics discussed
10 computer
clause starts
rich contexts
actual fact
formedness constraints
introduction many
village voisin
msr open
format suitable
multiple data
ie research
verbal object
english allows
atis evaluations
chart size
occur naturally
acquisition based
electronic documents
meanings defined
f ji
weighted voting
dependencies output
cohesion graph
russian translation
lolita system
linguistic parts
translation evaluations
patr formalism
learner provides
antecedent appear
bigram matches
phonetic representation
2 segments
maximal margin
method resulted
tile overall
accomplishment verbs
discuss recent
old value
change slightly
variables appearing
verbal frame
system could
cannot increase
summaries rather
10 translations
either incorrect
two template
forward communicative
format also
core extraction
developmental psychology
formulating rules
south carolina
8 months
information model
repeated name
clearly illustrate
czech data
key insight
possible links
simpler approach
tagged training
monte carlo
du lexique
canonical lr
work following
ontology may
see v
bottom parts
produce accurate
help bridge
save button
n characters
systems include
performing language
semiconductor memory
measure provides
trie structured
information theoretic
always straightforward
semantic boundaries
rosenkrantz procedure
synthesis scheme
generating utterances
extract non
sentence always
certain contexts
general ambiguity
every meaningful
two cfs
handle time
relative sigma
tree relations
smallest element
metropolitan museum
information similar
right brackets
un adverbe
event models
discontinuous constituent
optimal rule
extracting content
function similar
theory person
10 subsets
several simpler
two integers
closed form
handle speech
subset selection
hidden operator
anchors may
first searches
much structural
un nouveau
box evaluation
speech applications
right bound
general discourse
bottom portion
frame approach
generation processes
selected sentence
based tool
others discussed
clause might
tree makes
c encodes
approach human
known structures
come either
word grolier
speakers produce
represents words
recognizer processes
structured collection
recent success
recent tg
defining property
lifting condition
voice interactions
section includes
propositional cg
cannot build
qa architecture
1 lsa
new form
adaptive cognitive
high dimensional
distance agreement
sense predicates
baseline level
common labels
tree depth
lowest row
based mapping
monotonic rules
un v
word perplexity
false rejection
architecture shall
subjects selected
nonfinal states
provide explicit
multilingual transfer
tags provided
general conversational
permits us
interactive tool
similar line
mi score
7 states
foot nodes
category data
defined notion
translation syst
work consists
prohibitive task
tsinghua university
lexical regularities
input frames
adaptation data
tree clustering
equal part
discounted rf
successful transfer
con dent
risk annealing
short segments
zens et
infrequent occurrences
state diagrams
arabic words
action planner
less determinate
demo system
ne peuvent
relevant aspect
within np
pairs consisting
complementary set
ka sessions
number specified
john expected
preferences acquired
specialized form
state j
data reduces
phone recognition
creates many
modern english
possible orders
synchronous correspondences
structured presentation
open problem
learning problems
remains open
system identifies
actual phone
adnoun clauses
anaphoric behavior
reduction algorithms
complex functions
simple one
extracts answers
based predictions
text generally
source materials
4 participants
category combinations
documents selected
binary task
john mary
sr results
standard discourse
false answers
hlt server
activated entities
needs access
repository using
figure also
new cfg
generation mt
transformational linguistics
similar elements
dependent text
column adds
state grammar
lefthand side
difficulty arises
exceed k
25 senses
average clustering
term followed
experimental nature
activation spreads
scale computational
model consists
type occurs
constraints added
discard features
tense inflection
functions map
closed categories
classifier matching
forward expectations
traditional parsers
b knows
9 r
wordnet gives
different typologies
tree might
ing form
dataset size
grammaires stochastiques
immediate neighbors
large margin
multiple queries
industrial nlp
classify correctly
used topic
discrete objects
dramatic improvement
third way
7 illustrates
previous strategy
respective node
different modeling
error involves
processing procedures
roget class
elements w
credible results
segmentation error
example fragments
special reference
separate classes
formedness constraint
mother got
main reasons
2003 johns
third dimension
explanation provided
shallow parsers
multiparagraph text
bigram part
pe 87
irrelevant document
active sentence
responses could
spatial reference
corpus preparation
syntactic language
feature reflecting
upward inheritance
material containing
system achieve
variation n
specialist lexicon
voice information
er query
attribute called
new trees
clustering technology
secondary sources
single block
english synsets
lexicon change
nominal arguments
formalisms allow
existing analysis
disambiguated text
senses automatically
denote either
previous belief
possible substring
30 texts
missing node
wsj0 corpus
one route
derived verbs
includes nodes
great part
temporal image
operational definition
supertagging approach
high inflation
corpora usually
subsumption relation
adjunct clauses
similar annotation
based rules
interpersonal relation
english sound
compounds extracted
types needed
processed prompt
dence measure
lexical gaps
hashing lists
rate goes
program written
spoke tests
analysis error
local similarities
visual cues
inverted alignments
contain pre
pragmatic role
input object
second window
disjunctive constraints
compilation methods
gr specifications
million speakers
constrained optimization
model architecture
backbone system
common nouns
temporally precedes
document similarities
metaphorical interpretation
aac word
classifier achieves
contexts w
code set
op den
use vector
complete recognition
language toolkit
edges generated
analysts participated
typical members
directional modifiers
five features
semantic treatment
interpretation without
par une
binary decisions
spelling correction
mean vector
lexical word
sense cluster
probability term
stochastic component
many properties
15 text
usual method
process converges
additional effect
input frame
two formulae
tank drained
among women
select word
circumstance relation
british library
preceding term
statistic analysis
individual differences
chemical substances
unseen set
common kind
semantic constructor
focus attention
tendum system
software applications
le l
represent good
l3 contains
base structure
multimedia information
video segments
nlg techniques
respective frequencies
dimension 3
nps within
target selection
frequency would
limited capabilities
external ones
better assess
speech research
particular morphological
information embodied
processing operations
first branch
syntactic fixedness
occurring relations
subordinate propositions
satisfactory way
get started
bilingual method
main branches
test case
linear dependency
100 verbs
sound generation
halliday 1994
whole distribution
failure rates
multiword expression
rule base
nouns correspond
trivial intervals
e relatively
acquisition de
latin origin
collocation probability
trigraph english
striking difference
level algorithm
ci ne
referent cfs
produces robust
8 recall
clir method
whether prosodic
observed precision
10 clusters
prosodic phenomena
space representation
reference grammar
dimensional models
sharing systems
start towards
sophisticated processing
formant variations
martin 1992
cover non
stent 1998
frequent problem
codes used
knowledge specific
overall research
constraints explicit
polar clauses
detailed instructions
previous hypothesis
categories specified
certain plan
many descriptions
metalinguistic sentences
stage parse
contain subjective
und technologie
subject headings
pape r
5 groups
physical structure
disjunctions interact
mmif module
k depends
particular point
rule bodies
language notation
simple cycle
identify sublanguages
object quantifier
prima facie
application conventions
basic host
xerox lfg
centering models
control issues
unvoiced speech
note l
phonological learning
syntactic acquisition
best sequences
development using
relevant medline
interested readers
1 pattern
called tracks
art dependency
true statements
recognition components
green car
subtrees rooted
enable fast
marker pairs
surrounding positions
right sister
unsupervised grammar
passive subject
tests whether
syntactic phenomenon
translating sentences
relevant fields
evaluation reported
productive rules
homograph level
tag operation
integrate various
negated literals
predefined class
global measure
single markable
packed structure
synthesized voice
line source
tagging quality
separable prefix
main weakness
sou et
set test
activated pattern
every convention
old system
superlative adjective
probabilistic measure
lemma shows
student knowledge
parallel generation
resolving speech
assigning words
examples collected
like representation
new tokens
encyclopedia britannica
discourse structure
high generalization
content indicators
qo e
arc types
term denoting
potential misunderstandings
subcat lists
weights used
solid line
identify information
information transmitted
singular determiners
structure bound
high n
total reading
open features
latent target
considerable latitude
models attempt
example matching
architecture proposed
path reaching
analogic pressure
adverse events
sound card
candidate filler
following ratio
syntactic signature
scoring structure
grammars tend
unit contains
aspects include
b 5
prefix list
mso logic
phrases called
threshold value
fsa may
dialogue segments
prediction phase
selected answer
collins spanish
hired john
whose heads
seven evaluators
identical lexical
word position
voorhees 2000
tone groups
knowledge upon
previous publications
maximum allowed
generated fragments
hybrid clustering
reasonable translation
sun spare
several keywords
two rabbits
relevant performance
stream 2
manner based
allwein et
wrong roles
description file
document expansion
word output
verb generation
cannot differentiate
simple cgus
third constraint
exact n
arrival times
tuples correctly
a114a115a7a6a113 a14
paraphrase matching
feature since
certain variables
method designed
contain base
linguistic hierarchy
analysis comes
reliably determine
training epochs
lexical entries
engine e2
emitting states
one judgment
pos combinations
structural data
within rules
thank colleagues
examples tagged
incremental left
sets may
large sections
analysis differs
maintain node39
various elements
get b
flexible framework
summary texts
expected dialog
small space
said x
word qualifiers
experimental evaluations
person present
using threshold
constraint dependency
inexact matching
directly mirrors
parenthetical expressions
incremental tf
scheduling dialogs
untagged monolingual
decoding search
management post
algorithm include
like water
50 classes
nominal modification
initial algorithm
l b
also yields
specific representation
partial definitions
volume 17
deep subject
good essays
japanese ministry
de routes
al 1997
recurring elements
6th framework
category cuts
linguistic modules
r relation
task 2
generating summaries
memory pointer
syntactic relation
efficiently implement
another round
morphological roots
transformation language
pragmatic levels
ontological concept
code implementing
transfer instructions
control based
pilot corpus
specific mechanism
clausal caseframe
compounding rules
current string
learning phrase
weather service
one avenue
time delays
lexemes belonging
cheapness principle
systems built
label semantic
possible adjunctions
minim path
inflected surface
emotion prediction
like others
snow classifier
respect du
binary classifications
hinrichs tense
similar effort
surface statistics
various annotation
modifying word
new productions
entropy threshold
mark weighting
fourth rule
european countries
form ix
primitive predicate
final location
occurring corpus
produces coreference
canonical case
similar environments
unseen words
trips grammar
ascertain whether
conjoined clauses
semantic property
resultant grammar
segmented speech
models according
without prediction
weird creature
data showed
level corresponds
unlexicalized pcfg
extrasentential information
three randomly
text blocks
highest degree
durative verbs
phonetic index
anne om
auxiliary quantity
processing industry
optional slots
katakana dictionary
verbal case
use measures
actual coding
extensive documentation
allow developers
right candidate
pragmatic presupposition
names extracted
baseline translation
cfg underlying
summer school
index constructor
lexicon matching
last level
channel modeling
intonation features
linguistically meaningless
vector values
nouns include
great impact
following tile
brennan 1995
attribute sets
verb inversion
distributional analysis
file whose
joint tree
governing verbs
avoid assigning
section addresses
training regimes
simply copies
sentence location
analyzing sentences
task knowledge
domain codes
label may
knowledge helps
document given
written news
potentially presupposes
value vector
random indexing
dependent relationship
extracted n
critical importance
every prime
attachment using
hebrew language
discourse parenthetical
bbs text
parsing group
activity within
detect certain
determining coreference
present author
books published
tagger learns
conceptual problem
chinese segmentation
documents published
grammar interpretation
srinivas bangalore
formal background
cognitive entities
describe sets
terms automatically
uncertain areas
empty alignment
slot label
general line
weak quantifiers
newspaper collection
transcription errors
lexical model
explicit structure
naive theories
jing et
step 2a
exceeds 1
high possibility
operating systems
shows improvement
whose sc
definition uses
algorithm provides
metaphor production
speech databases
exploratory corpus
random guessing
unaccented counterparts
acceptance set
give fido
tax evasion
sense items
trigger different
corner productions
handle ill
transfer modules
binary questions
db system
karlsson et
data field
mechanisms might
argumentative dialogue
le directeur
overlap filter
entity grid
description specifies
discrimination capacity
retrieval algorithm
document matrix
informal way
transformation whose
unbracketed report
decimal point
forms found
accumulator list
central intelligence
line component
object n
extraction purposes
least l
approach explores
dependent data
shape analogy
japanese terminology
terms consisting
also entail
keyword part
verbal argument
distinct processes
defining vocabulary
obvious disadvantage
le bus
natural languages
multiple labels
roles based
extra mechanism
l times
fifth conference
corpus improves
general elements
null cess
two topmost
approach produces
considerable portion
rules assign
model learned
italic numbers
air traffic
conceptual coverage
predicate would
random samples
different studies
nr construction
threshold set
scope structure
anchor node
23 labels
predicative clauses
fda approves
primary school
frame must
feature data
either tile
value distribution
semantic dictionary
phrasal correspondence
texts automatically
semantic tree
large chunks
joyce mcdowell
rule derives
components described
child must
general preferences
early peak
global organisation
add feature
representative keywords
actions mentioned
word formation
growth property
perform wsd
three judges
data expressed
interpretations generated
1 context
embracement depth
directionality constraint
study may
nikl classifier
defined meanings
nonmonotonic logic
em algorithm
complement introduced
example documents
field label
associated text
associated press
certain techniques
celle qui
interpreting definite
nothing could
10 symbols
word patterns
new relations
initial attempts
confirmation strategies
speech generator
typical ibm
computer laboratory
one comparison
local semantics
natural interpretation
perspectives based
permissible values
feature combinations
alternative would
initial interpretation
predictive probabilities
understanding involves
mutual relationship
people taller
promising candidate
accommodate multiple
unitary concept
missing case
plan given
order variation
example two
string ab
general annotation
spell words
2 elaborates
relies mainly
pseudo words
english contains
time generation
hates sue
hard track
left adjuncts
language determiners
features compared
a39 a18
special operations
examples occurring
proposed cb
explanation template
queries according
integrated tasks
sept melons
source names
driven hmm
constituent graph
experiment may
rules fl
ss rules
candidate generation
lo inputs
find ways
nontensed elements
minimum duration
contain 1
j 1
categories among
useful measure
previous topic
corresponding translations
important factor
f th
whole document
additional objects
rebecca j
4 categories
two sides
blowing dust
original learning
art coreference
backup strategies
domain comparable
translators find
verb using
distribution analysis
broader class
choice criteria
maghi king
previous parse
simple notion
location knowledge
singer 98
punctuation tokens
solving approach
input synapses
longer input
similarity module
category labels
like definite
significantly improves
crude measure
avoid overgeneration
second application
consensus annotation
shortest accepting
overlapping groups
similar syntactic
actual word
negation marker
info r
good prosody
discourse pronouns
experiments included
pausanian notation
unique referent
contain material
x remains
null phoneme
split among
cfg composite
system output
muc domain
much thought
cafarella et
subcategorisation candidates
cutoff method
latter consists
point arithmetic
become true
text acts
type b
weather forecasting
sample dictionary
parsing ef
pick one
estimation algorithms
initial function
sample tree
5 presents
dependency edges
row entries
successfully parses
original aim
word representations
paper makes
determination rule
corresponding subsets
automatique et
input case
tile focus
cannot capture
constituents tend
substantial evidence
paper starts
average term
second acl
referential meaning
habert et
20 randomly
employing multiple
possible incorrect
much confidence
needs several
two correspond
5 verbs
surface features
observations apply
multiple target
multiple linear
appropriate parser
discrete variables
line prototype
automatic mechanisms
clause must
simple aspect
feature found
process naturally
potential performance
acquisition model
tals properly
considered discourse
principled reason
data capture
summarizes results
a21 a14
detect inconsistencies
table show
type process
missing argument
estimation schemes
syntactic models
present corpus
net database
human could
list rescoring
forms generated
limits set
record structures
target alignments
lattice l
suppression mission
symmetric relationship
object salience
figure displays
pairs instead
long tradition
individual linguistic
solving behavior
transaction coding
right ones
pouvez r
dependent queries
structure domain
charniak figures
one technique
one cluster
baker 1979
null context
regularized log
adequate tools
issues arising
formula associated
present approach
coders agreed
text learning
practical implications
theoretic muc
adjunction allows
termination choosers
speakers choose
steven bird
human spoken
arcs along
submitted abstracts
system judged
fast rate
patterns like
present state
block clustering
harper ambiguous
readers interested
system x
elementary contracts
much space
stack entry
u denotes
cognitive synonyms
comprehensive comparison
every model
representing c
structured event
following adjective
multimodal inputs
possible knowledge
drm model
markovian matrix
physics material
require use
variable types
six sub
reference link
determining consistency
designated development
modeling tool
one column
propagating verb
facilitate rapid
que la
added background
systems focus
typically describes
van beek
potential usefulness
class flights
reranking framework
nothing happens
semantic meaning
efficiency gain
social aspects
example structure
verbal lexicon
syntactic selection
text keywords
system capabilities
using adjunction
first digit
multiple equivalent
hui fu
term similarity
categories occurring
information browsing
candidate correction
lpc cepstral
common name
input argument
name feature
search space
e extraction
e surface
trees per
best feature
representation suitable
different orientations
also prepare
different rankings
svd dimensionality
r semantic
different rhetorical
following tables
insufficient number
raimondi said
spurious analyses
beam threshold
weather values
dialogue would
perform slightly
beowulf cluster
tests using
tree must
sense taggers
nodes mentioned
vp complement
logical restrictions
21 categories
length 2
translation ambiguities
memory required
play key
quality criteria
simple classifier
three processes
machine translator
current literature
based decoding
old infants
parses would
predetermined order
using spearman
polysemy level
cosine context
xslt transformations
partial mapping
central processor
large networks
source units
generated documents
representation also
functional control
fare code
new corpus
systematic phonemes
different types
decides whether
many realizations
entities stored
application program
performs lexical
elliptical clause
performance substantially
similar probability
abductive proofs
gene mention
algorithm built
evaluation committee
user task
definitions proposed
answers retrieved
sort used
decreases performance
representative associated
seem adequate
node features
invariant transduction
l describes
previous references
data fields
nineteenth century
specific areas
sparc 10
questions automatically
de langues
sue played
node also
f0 value
city hotel
one converts
fair evaluation
whole database
model ignores
new approach
bottom half
disks 1
little overlap
binary features
cache mechanism
uc system
linguistic event
judges consider
phrase books
foreign name
thus consists
string edits
easier way
basic intuition
b via
new state
coherence condition
defined user
removing features
extensive comparison
reasoning method
noun appearing
minimal threshold
r may
noun verb
completed parse
multiplicative update
donald hindle
word a1
particular data
head symbol
collected data
general attributes
test consists
alignment component
terms exist
mutual relation
bound anaphor
text 5
simple left
disease descriptions
preceding phrases
mistaken user
general class
structures depends
concepts occurring
two exceptions
recognised terms
test recall
testing scfs
call router
term contexts
simple metaphors
highest baseline
concept vector
includes data
disambiguate sentences
janet hitzeman
narrative time
appropriate evaluation
file record
relative weight
benamara et
lead summaries
simple tf
annotation involves
computer screen
tile full
literal sense
summarisation techniques
include choosing
traditional context
c errors
novel contexts
subject complement
generating target
explicit pronouns
relevant material
17 minutes
include tests
previous story
lexicalist grammar
sketchily dealt
factored representation
elzer et
order theories
enable rapid
training environment
256 sentences
allows rules
assign parts
recursive nps
turn segmentation
tree automaton
particular combinations
sum total
textual items
rule gets
ing corpus
languag e
achieves 93
distinct domain
lf sequences
news categorization
unification scheme
excessive time
translation path
audio partitioner
lm analyzer
normalized matrix
last lines
copy slot
context definitions
multimodal features
protein x
participants face
actual event
generative processes
algorithm goes
explicit edit
proposed segment
tametsi tu
better measure
different genders
leftmost one
information distribution
positive contribution
mining algorithms
4 machine
utterance contained
semantic tag
john carroll
methods try
second vp
random starting
abstract image
frequent occurrence
verbal stem
oriented conversations
system substantially
following montague
learning community
mondale said
verbal descriptions
lexicon structure
wide variety
algorithm misses
features b
predicted distribution
three pieces
problem queue
writer wishes
indexed terms
tdt1 corpus
called nucleus
virtual non
one subsequent
kernighan et
cation algorithm
e head
efficient means
translation function
include certain
parsing performance
rule without
semantic nature
generalization operation
sound wave
aslots list
trecs 5
title plus
overall drs
10 generations
general commonsense
teaching cis420
fast speaker
step along
moment correlation
types appearing
pos labels
also arises
candidate using
activated core
rate also
identical characters
temporal features
phase consists
first place
hirst 1987
nominal coreference
known method
superficial syntactic
declarative knowledge
input phonetic
question particle
next chapter
rejection criteria
martin r6scheisen
grounding act
voice signal
precondition subdialogues
level formalism
a25a16 a27
manually post
x p
part supported
linguistic correlates
suppose p
generate samples
a1 a20
semantic order
clustering program
lower classification
concerning text
uncertainty languages
overall scores
situation semantics
hi parsing
reasonable values
grammatical feature
speech babble
quality training
sentences s1
whose f
latter claim
transfer event
phrase parse
longer need
mt models
approach quite
actual example
pattern based
authors present
using definitions
network whose
judge reliability
np modification
formalized description
arbitrary names
functional perplexity
grammar improves
dedicated server
dynamic chat
easily define
a16 a3
characters per
negative stories
tile problem
human competence
smaller vocabularies
contrast schema
adnominal verb
receive attention
sparcstation 2
parameter p
travel conversations
major disadvantage
generated structure
heuristic estimates
significant result
la sortie
findings demonstrate
semantic interfaces
general covering
e ai
sixfold cross
whose definition
english preposition
speech modality
separate lexicon
sarwar et
person knows
appropriate value
2 ss
statistics like
smoothed estimate
sense covers
flat trees
conversion using
matching operation
sharedplan used
finite feature
utterances 1
present uses
input lexicon
universal levenshtein
response word
predictive utility
12 words
group 3
cancellation rules
parameters associated
performance vs
every question
forms consist
underlying form
rate across
sentence associated
largest effect
illustrate three
form p
fritz dem
constituent verb
improved coverage
form lexical
since tree
matching ratio
descriptive text
system representations
unseen sequences
loose ends
uses maximum
kbp extracts
kb objects
semantic modifier
better correlation
semitic morphology
different pos
test package
entities constituting
command parser
appear within
trainable system
retrieval phase
transitions p
000 rounds
cfg skeleton
lingo english
question arises
cognitive context
corpus samples
always contain
programming paradigm
6 points
vowel blends
quantifier corresponding
unusual behavior
cases may
markov transducer
linked nodes
translational entropy
variations affecting
alternative rule
choices would
frozen nominal
content lemmas
pair found
ltag parsers
real population
see salton
peripheral frame
system considerably
value r
lloce sense
problem solving
derivational processes
multiple viewpoints
stochastic taggers
develop applications
simple tests
problem tractable
including co
iu figure
final ranking
decoding results
closest neighbor
practical methods
van dijk
discriminative methods
perform computations
associated data
main relation
arabic newspaper
contains feature
contains examples
finding instances
like le
prosodic feature
ambiguity concerning
need two
dictionary definition
many improvements
headword dependencies
sentences composed
word searches
call arc
mark words
3 output
four complex
word lemmatizer
real bitexts
lsa similarity
external criterion
r tha
vocabulary usage
approaches provide
like morphology
text often
rules contained
space onto
complete history
segmentation procedures
source phrase
one count
ontologies could
applications developed
vector pair
application like
one morphological
evaluation difficult
user understand
abductive framework
natural dialog
conversational agents
proposed alternative
applying domain
major field
many slots
overhead involved
pragmatic factors
20 db
f must
ordinary edit
poor approximations
english translation
position sequence
basic control
a5 a16a21a17a20a64
edge research
individual rule
scenario 1
mass nouns
sentence ranking
tags predicted
discontinuous string
borrowed words
classical tense
good average
unit file
lexicon thus
starting vertex
clustered models
lower limit
category si
linear equations
error situations
data base
specific fusion
ow n
system vs
also maintains
economy domain
central words
hypotheses concerning
map algorithm
problem size
relations determined
representational data
predictive powers
telephone applications
key contribution
involving w
allow user
significant trend
mt may
languages available
competing translations
dialogue handling
mit hybrid
papers dealing
smith corpus
longer rules
basically consists
various segmentation
argument recognition
words received
mental spaces
top position
words respectively
processing becomes
game playing
character memories
existing processors
original thesaurus
academic institutions
users find
feature settings
cluster assignment
hoc abbreviations
document history
method whose
much harder
nominal derivation
including pattern
general syntactic
argument positions
manner similar
hypernormal path
individual textual
phrase references
per participant
top output
lexical chain
variant v
sincere thanks
coded dictionaries
two errors
used sense
smaller pieces
following brief
sondheimer et
basic adjectives
thus constitute
otherwise use
different means
three domain
design changes
successful categories
axiom stating
integrated method
tre un
ccm model
morphosyntactic specifiers
revise agent
major aspect
dcu1 describes
concept measures
statistical collocational
case leads
current perspective
approach used
final arguments
memory savings
focused family
segment j
metadata element
full morphological
tagged z
feature pregraph
state containing
l thus
extracting sccs
approach towards
matching tile
seizing control
active interval
lexical morphemes
use separate
palestinian conflict
mapping methods
peg 1
prolog notation
including synonyms
salient propositions
language dictionary
dependent labels
relation feature
parser grammar
linguistic conceptual
boundaries found
cannot allow
relation examples
difficult languages
normal rule
control model
letter alphabet
5wlh elements
underlying nlp
syntagmatic analysis
light blue
le nouveau
potential user
resources involved
constraints resulting
see following
l groups
strong expectations
medical sciences
original recognition
taxonomic hierarchy
three candidate
used standard
industry standard
easily use
resources across
approaches one
level grammars
crucial properties
two quantifiers
feature labels
rse tree
strong influence
physical events
six research
performance modelling
simplification transformation
nps occurring
another particle
since meaning
using gibbs
systems operate
le v
rubric categories
great depth
case suffixes
cogex a0
tag provides
tc task
lr parse
resulting item
using np
terms instead
conjoined constraint
pair generated
sentential conjunction
classification provides
daelemans 1998
standard syntactic
multilingual nlp
single utterances
act tag
assumed familiarity
characteristic word
three automata
top x
word immediately
cycle service
becomes apparent
structures alone
phonetic units
additional studies
nouns expressing
identification requires
three participants
19 words
correct ranking
obvious meanings
window methods
successful nlp
n j
evaluation tasks
v means
different contribution
lexieal transfer
rank position
predicates form
lafferty 1997
supervised rule
logical arguments
relevant respects
perform case
appropriate set
annotation plug
agents need
several parameters
presupposition trigger
discourse events
gram analysis
indexed collection
simpl e
given application
automatic scoring
though rule
automatic authoring
successive points
relations adopted
6 conference
context tags
across classes
segment speech
complete log
italian synsets
contextual filter
package consists
restructuring verbs
unlabeled parse
pitch ranges
sets n
measures using
primary research
cm score
graph represents
contiguous text
find enquiry
manager module
lexicon extension
prefix states
digital information
good representation
constraint equations
also omit
hash table
cannot reliably
conclusive evidence
copying algorithm
many distinctions
strategy achieves
transfer module
sltag given
single language
compatible types
john began
infer motion
equation 18
question pattern
tagged versions
structural address
illustrate various
fox 1987
estimate dependency
insufficient knowledge
text recognition
bill told
located object
participial clauses
draw two
user questions
describing feature
irrelevant articles
topic environments
read wsj
connectivity table
tag errors
inversion phenomena
intersection search
tags correspond
cognate named
cause much
like domains
trivial tasks
soup algorithm
inferred plans
lie said
component tree
parties involved
length ratio
two h
shift operations
target constituents
arg1 arg2
open space
new conditions
fp model
time application
general probability
start time
mainly focuses
approach obtains
msa data
cet aspect
gawron et
include user
marie et
languages work
competitive grouping
time breakdown
validation method
count entity
source might
classifier constructions
unmarked member
point number
previous constraints
deleted paren
humorous effects
activity tag
prior phrase
employ one
concept creation
four documents
error function
possible label
using tags
u c2
zu zhi
used frequency
n unit
unique class
mathematical formulas
wsd models
corrections may
eliminating words
assigned value
l2 words
pairs taken
big dog
search could
pathology reports
increasing importance
use em
une nouvelle
adjectives discussed
appropriate system
allows elements
node ni
correct arguments
might state
central role
voting algorithm
attribute sequence
national university
backoff n
bulgarian word
level indexing
necessary prerequisite
extracting caller
preference orderings
performance speaker
class prior
translation improves
expressive grammar
approaches using
effective solution
specific relators
article usage
chart parsing
involves computing
pay dividends
intonational tunes
completeness requirement
selection level
values contained
selected verb
house prices
interact via
internal position
global estimation
drug traffickers
intonation pattern
processing structures
step forward
dynamic representation
conquer phase
brown test
mais l
nlp data
minimum total
generated response
language meaning
strategic predicates
generic architectures
therefore satisfies
standard probability
sentential units
particular relative
specific domains
protocol used
syntax macros
smaller domain
containing entityi
strong arguments
0 evaluator
function calculates
knowledge along
synchronous decoder
tagger reaches
deep comprehension
generating quantifier
structure known
argument given
integrate linguistic
idea may
maximum agreement
restricted data
algorithm computing
better use
obtained word
handle domain
marking conventions
human introspection
stacking method
based resolution
transcription problem
major fields
n relevant
significant results
query returns
section 6
text via
nodes refer
every chain
maclfine translation
computational environment
valued subcat
semantics framework
technology foundation
case retrieval
function r
sense according
curve represents
performance much
standard smoothing
infinitive form
modal grammar
neither part
standard segmentation
research today
system searches
alternative non
rhetorical proposition
functional capabilities
fact refer
various runs
text structuring
ali atwa
term normalization
properly handle
like names
additional attribute
syntactic choices
17 types
complete systems
since order
linear process
using mapping
catalan grammars
trees 7
word ask
remove duplicates
academic research
gf interpretation
accurate conversion
allowed word
start vertices
rich representation
use entirely
summary estimates
goto step
category name
one thing
good design
unmarked cases
indirect anaphora
identical objects
development cycles
cat verb
utterances without
defeasible reasoning
traditional constituent
multiple functions
truth value
semantic parsing
arbitrary phrase
tilman becker
speaker intuitions
noisy constituents
srilm toolkit
grammars since
user inputs
human output
ai systems
case feature
use corpora
power supply
case examples
replace information
boundary effects
0 model
examples obtained
automatized translation
dan jurafsky
e key
major performance
possible pronunciations
zero pronoun
frequent phenomena
special status
japanese idioms
system almost
work rather
fusion system
output sentence
transformation procedure
recognition group
words list
information linguistics
entire input
gram baseline
tool uses
linguistic character
russian equivalents
ng grammar
dence level
choice task
jiji press
bitterlemons corpus
combines many
including context
disambiguation preprocessor
28 aot
d2 bp
inserted clauses
use deterministic
ou le
celex lexicon
text structurer
grained meanings
different demands
buenos aires
chunks based
article id
empirical claims
operational amplifier
discussion may
lexical distribution
technical documentation
active verb
model fails
simple user
call system
output phonemes
correct choice
action words
monolingual collocation
sense subtask
additional types
smallest unit
system introduces
real need
system replaces
v2 grammar
competitive mechanism
neal et
descriptive data
given dialogue
inactive edge
sr relation
kawahara et
middle names
feature address
coordinate groups
term weights
nlp projects
one type
appropriate words
head distributions
system developed
additional techniques
initiated subdialogue
specific names
inside words
visible objects
nil noun
constituency analysis
null information
novel techniques
23 n
syntactic subjects
science courses
efficient representation
aspectual transformations
replacement expression
minor changes
lexical specialization
individual slots
given symbol
alignment pairs
class q
human judged
rence analogique
xml element
parser instead
question requires
constructed sentence
verb 0
model rather
abella et
n senses
open government
simple 1
previous constraint
null token
real ambiguity
outstanding results
reversible inference
learned decision
system wants
staff members
9 senses
language permits
quantifiers like
detection accuracy
2 edges
taiwan co
intermediary representation
corresponding clcs
measure considers
dependent cepstral
level components
unknown values
r gives
name patterns
aspirated consonants
actual character
tbrmal language
key set
another pattern
labeling methods
pool size
query tool
set achieves
third week
authors usually
using rules
summer pole
significant resources
comparative experimental
2np baseline
relattve clause
designate one
detecting signal
electronic program
account given
software allows
bayes approach
tags include
equation associated
maintenance techniques
human capabilities
information database
half part
score format
terminal categories
observational learning
ongoing task
induced features
message dated
write wi
minimal input
encyclopedic knowledge
anaphoricity information
de nature
de prendre
single relation
sentence actually
goal adoption
resolution requires
gives probability
sentence detection
occurring phrases
one primary
semantic world
strings according
large variation
noise caused
conflict resolution
candidate dialogue
tokenized string
information towards
candidate roles
dominant effect
particular activity
hoste et
assign word
word plus
current knowledge
languages written
range air
criteria separately
positional relation
otherwise put
form followed
np coreference
position 6
ext a7
possible kanji
original graph
data plays
minor ones
target goal
practical spoken
environment might
system lacks
program provided
language order
elhadad 1997
probability estimates
fine pos
actual simplification
cession de
larger classes
le mod61e
interested reader
text situation
fuzzy membership
elementary building
carpenter 1992
like units
right completor
irrelevant senses
complex concept
penman project
program looks
kong news
figure 27
n instead
train machine
tag image
thesaurus dictionary
maximum average
question context
several verb
categories obtained
satisfy criterion
transfer mappings
summary vector
thesaurus tree
concept used
a55 a81
errorful speech
structure manipulation
latter work
language interfaces
translator works
relative independence
answer sub
specific problems
user also
separate rule
type illustrated
antecedent noun
vantage point
bharati et
distribution pt
scheme would
response scoring
among humans
syntactic gender
templates generated
university travelling
relies primarily
subjectivity recognition
crew members
ne training
whose parameter
order 5
minute waltz
language involves
students express
efficiently generate
chip fabrication
entire np
role extraction
disk drives
john looks
upper level
langacker 1991
structure backbone
module could
mixture hmm
current dsyntr
analysis includes
v implies
logical conclusion
takes context
linguistic lexical
transformed trees
exact way
probability weightings
also enforces
frequencies alone
preorder traversal
pp head
du nombre
tree trained
route finding
new leaves
packaging object
target cost
domain pos
gricean maxim
interrogative clauses
candidate destinations
representative test
uk et
larger score
particular nouns
single coder
path chosen
wiebe tracking
causes precede
component tag
particular simple
main target
pragmatic terms
4 uses
different outputs
formulas representing
earley parser
annotate sentences
much extra
functions whose
functional representations
explicit characterization
traditional information
voting function
documents need
simpler sentences
conditions would
product kernel
text graph
phrasal boundaries
local collocational
reranking task
sufficient quality
meeting took
identical contexts
correlative construct
eventuality e
mapping could
particular kind
classifier whose
vertical lists
advance whether
task include
author name
verb show
procedure involves
specific units
perform signi
many subtle
swallows vs
grade 3
selkirk 1984
de terre
use bigram
cash flow
four persons
list obtained
domain union
gaussian probability
entry like
fluent human
produces two
unpaired tuples
level analysis
popular methods
correct detection
source version
denote concepts
database facility
inference link
information filter
10 items
list algorithm
surface manifestations
four rows
processing generally
unseen cases
message segments
anaphoric component
made errors
basic capabilities
finer distinctions
5 rules
textual reference
judgment set
values comparable
formal grammars
actual lexical
follow links
using variants
layer modules
based generation
clausal arguments
previous sense
lexical element
sound tracks
informative part
topic segmentation
concept signatures
semantic background
gaussian smoothing
also claim
preprocessing stages
budget correspondence
total entries
discussed type
language tc
autonomous devices
subsequent tables
based hmms
grants mcs
svm approach
uses three
lingual alignment
closest preceding
every distribution
sur lesquels
produce anything
discourse blackboard
point 2
meanings together
identification request
row vector
demande de
underlying motivation
good matches
scores among
query like
examples marked
internal representations
features thus
text slices
planning resources
formedness processing
considerable attention
grammatical parts
much flatter
word start
general formulation
vp v
margin methods
transliteration approach
conceptual space
suffix f
real referent
two focus
five suffixes
sent mary
probability vector
semantics projection
next input
pattern example
possessive markers
features helped
targeted word
functions apply
integrated recognition
scoring program
domination statements
resolutio n
convolution parse
set results
language writers
numeric type
communication cost
five spoken
boundary locations
classification decisions
second theory
problems one
revised data
following piece
templatic morphemes
sc module
complement daughters
interrater agreement
r n
400 rules
conditions stated
twenty six
evaluation setting
synthesis unit
h corresponds
terrorism news
dass er
arbitrary binary
alike confusion
highest aggregate
token xi
reduce action
theoretical setting
pattern model
dialog knowledge
name concepts
preferential attachment
positive definite
4 lutte
state changes
sublanguage classes
technique provides
kernel system
agent could
word influences
relation defines
ti data
summarizing email
important pieces
decomposable model
noun triggers
system began
relations extraction
national project
000 documents
nodes used
pronominal form
combined method
special structures
three entity
labels l
property grammars
set denoted
produce consistent
creation methods
experimental details
time 0
processing tasks
intervening levels
discriminative feature
morphological tag
monolingual clusters
practical examples
a50 a101
fundamental role
unique segmentation
lingual query
tree t0
mood sentences
des avalanches
bush administration
trivial sentence
inheritance descriptors
subsection 2
standard formulation
different options
representation space
containing inferrables
adequate truth
eight experiments
tailored summaries
aggregate results
models becomes
concordances based
allen 1995
prosodic patterns
database values
ne l
entire mapping
tests show
methodology using
initial anode
derivation item
potential correspondents
intermediate analysis
therefore involves
sentence test
sentences l
arguments labeled
march 1991
unigram word
producing language
diagnostic tests
entries respectively
co r
a2 a4
full data
local effects
specified notions
applying nlp
level ontology
striking aspect
current psycholinguistic
unsupervised part
second head
commonsense inferencing
clause sentences
supporting area
selecting words
joint algorithm
retrieval components
language evaluations
audio segment
salient nps
tokenization set
set resulted
edge scores
inherent problems
referents appear
carry verb
program transformation
considered coreferent
final approval
proper nouns
graph framework
specialized inference
application environments
mixed corpus
chinese web
interlingual representation
data without
based correction
model separately
four digits
news text
target topic
complex arguments
station would
mapping a48
combine via
another context
unit activations
recreated frequencies
john 2
idiomatic combinations
determine correct
parsing tools
en frangais
underlying state
basic patterns
geographic region
like see
hoc evaluation
marker chunks
soundex codes
unknown classes
like charniak
target parse
vector would
detection technique
mixed approach
results separately
tables 7
public knowledge
interlingual mechanism
like phrase
vec algorithm
right solution
thirteen relations
source term
limited knowledge
john says
distinctions could
official evaluation
anaphor interpretation
single models
verb likes
null x
downward trend
documents like
word a10
syntactic constituents
learning model
categories marked
one reference
human participant
30 document
uh husband
japanese simple
luke provides
attentional states
jth cluster
16 x
transitive head
four successive
domain evaluation
3 introduces
heuristic used
pos n
hierarchical position
pronunciation probabilities
four pronouns
stage oriented
editing efforts
subcat information
hotel domain
summary measures
multi word
sequential file
unknown object
word successions
unimportant details
tile entry
vowel letter
life events
rules give
number slot
simple tools
elementary constituents
prolog 3
every boy
treebank annotated
delimited words
system plus
world map
1 john
nonlocal mctag
interval within
vp node
xml database
lattice node
recognition performance
5 ranks
test precision
meet operation
among concepts
sound correspondence
performance ceiling
list corresponds
occurrence relations
help request
one distinct
actually uses
lower entropy
templates consist
texts taken
declaration part
relation indicates
problems using
cation grammars
categorial rules
class instances
certainty factor
code range
excitation signal
adjectives followed
lessons learned
bracket recall
internal validation
excite questions
word booking
subcategorization frequency
logical proof
use eq
next month
kernel words
minor categories
hybrid symbolic
choice questions
rather peculiar
cross serial
state 8
containing key
contextual variables
noun categorization
fixed ontology
nominal complex
lhe following
semantic algorithm
machine interaction
distributed sense
frequency condition
productions whose
better balance
transfer composition
error values
la g6n6ration
random field
type verbs
tiffs paper
le g
ovis grammar
syntactic salience
six scores
statistical technique
existing pension
new phrases
certain matches
central assumption
two apples
definition sentences
fuller understanding
preceding nps
pku corpus
cases n
increase user
specific phrase
japanese equivalent
weeks later
boosting algorithm
original verb
conceptual equivalence
programming tools
10fold cross
batch version
chinese sense
yarowsky et
estimates used
nom sg
hownet definitions
moderate complexity
useful level
la ragazza
sneps research
grammatical concepts
dependency unification
greatly influence
predicative forms
separate non
indicate boundaries
templates may
mean time
unified whole
nearest ss
groups also
user submits
distilled dialogues
v words
recognition tests
feature name
use speech
observed cues
rst analyses
different syntax
arbitrary substrings
grammars generated
adequate measure
david goodine
contributor structure
aviation system
accurate statistics
standard deviations
last node
highest cohesion
ziet kussen
rule generator
sc cut
klaus tschira
grinberg et
human validation
uses various
action operator
hearer cannot
experiments proved
overall framework
management database
markers corresponding
finite schematization
english wsd
human dialogues
pearson product
application programmer
j k
section features
alignments based
language tutor
frequently co
whose sequence
a18 a14a20a19a24a22
section also
preferred interpretations
earlier proof
subject node
words came
sense pooling
track changes
test subject
feminine forms
appropriate operator
knowledge extraction
better estimation
noun triples
processing efficiency
lemmatised version
key role
model summary
results differ
fig 1
memory available
important domain
classifiers agree
high relevance
model paraphrases
assume coherence
whole segment
complement relation
default set
passive transformation
causes difficulty
correspondence relations
system confirms
referential ambiguities
clause asserts
next program
driven evaluation
study focused
amharic word
information reduction
nontrivial problems
provides evidence
pr05 corpus
directed graphs
syntactic hypothesis
embedded structure
short run
menu structure
phrases expressing
applying machine
chosen strategy
minimal rules
aggregate markov
groups involved
data feed
called property
phrase sense
x moves
notre recherche
deep analyses
high prior
identical variables
ghz intel
highest tf
nlp may
empirical experiment
constraints automatically
study lies
next daughter
one subtask
traffic safety
probability measures
three multi
discourse referent
work much
reliable algorithms
real line
hand gestures
discussion thread
two problem
separate stages
explicit discourse
require translation
agirre et
convenient tool
young et
summary creation
orders ellipsis
null pretation
contains concepts
tagged entities
probabilistic earley
marginal frequency
names including
propose une
sun sparcstations
6 miles
specific range
three nonterminals
tree ti
developed methodology
probabilistic translation
ambiguous inputs
darpa evaluations
analyse ou
zinn et
mathematical expression
matched rules
simple classification
create suitable
joint interpretation
sequence instances
user draws
reference dataset
travel plan
experiment focused
action sequences
certain dependencies
joint product
mechanism helps
algorithm considers
typing time
coherence scores
interpretation consistent
nal part
6 give
csr phase
category always
following graphs
surrogate type
search efficiently
oriented studies
pronominal enclitic
categories proposed
referential interpretation
feature functions
three machine
identification information
play crucial
notation used
existing user
structure given
left tree
representing translation
string comparison
weight edge
real elements
semantic ambiguities
compound keyword
information simultaneously
gesture input
computational problem
model much
covers almost
category assigned
lexical database
annotations provided
distinct chunk
47 context
prior term
model extracts
one focuses
simply mark
existential constraints
distributed frequency
noun block
dynamic fusion
modelling process
thematic context
noord et
policy decisions
summary document
consecutive matches
ideal text
speaker tells
digital signal
dependent n
architectural framework
word a45
results much
complexity problem
john bradley
ie l
different role
term extractors
preceding paragraphs
adaptive chinese
certain part
different understanding
turn right
line corpora
result table
6 abbreviations
descriptive labels
bilingual search
theme semantic
page shows
two inputs
nice september
text vectors
making errors
two bigrams
game structure
match problem
tile original
seed case
scores significantly
ps trees
standard cky
highest performance
dependency diagram
common method
help annotators
different outcomes
structure matrix
computation since
every document
g rules
achieve word
result clause
occurrence approach
occurring sentences
memory token
contextual grammar
valeur de
launch event
west advanced
various application
constraint structure
assigning parts
referential function
unseen terms
occurs several
lower correlation
top performers
called dictionary
position features
also ignores
finding process
called tree
l input
sampling method
several search
position also
empty sets
english node
tone line
translation pair
acquisition experiments
search capabilities
descriptions provided
constituents found
default options
using pr
main subjects
different candidates
c represent
quoted results
log conditional
nearest non
preference factors
bracketing transduction
induced pcfg
discovery techniques
formal analysis
classification problem
anaphoric nps
undirected graphs
assumption made
perl package
idioms like
case patterns
substitution test
domain processor
producing summaries
time distributions
final derivation
time proportional
sgml format
collins parsing
many ideas
main novelty
every r
percentage expressions
deriving translation
bill left
third process
interface system
three similarities
trans formational
initial segments
binding relationship
sentences describe
value j
theoretic framework
source texts
smaller answer
often exhibit
perform joint
rich morphology
frequent heuristic
e ne
system organization
contain 3
lie inside
j 3
general impression
canonical subject
second shelf
annotated parses
types introduced
level subjectivity
sibling list
default reentrancies
powerful way
forming part
countability feature
base editor
structure semantics
previous utterance
unambiguous instances
4 clusters
advanced tasks
audio link
ptb task
agents et
f sentences
interpretation works
1 rate
sentence translated
speaker identification
main building
ordinary discourse
valid transition
extracting translation
expensive transitions
semantic function
including information
italian translation
hinrichs et
pu bu
actual conversations
random fields
thus fails
show sample
interactively explore
static nature
different index
base line
language learner
senses directly
sentence derivation
syllable class
ipal corpus
null vs
overall training
hierarchical representations
trans type
extended training
work comes
francis jeffry
morphosyntactic structures
structure corresponding
another request
due attention
pragmatic modules
manipulative gestures
domain set
discuss experimental
multiplication table
without features
reference form
capture complex
text mining
restructuring rules
sound probabilistic
physical interaction
work differs
particular name
parse action
turn determined
labeling examples
human cognitive
possession verbs
weight semirings
12 cases
motivated grammar
hypertext anchors
one student
tag bigrams
identical types
logical derivation
lexicons obtained
optimal combination
hidden event
task planner
edge represents
circus sentence
thus john
displaced constituents
grammars consist
sammie system
input formulas
handle multi
environment must
ablation studies
two synonym
whose task
new source
fair assumption
item information
hypernymy tree
collocation extraction
korea science
darts les
systems varied
senses onto
cannot completely
represent data
including work
measures show
three positions
languages differ
upper boundary
script form
version makes
great significance
token representation
whose centroid
concurrent constraint
average cross
segment containing
look similar
german connectives
narrative domain
random performance
theoretic criteria
base elements
many alignment
assumptions lead
typical relations
john hale
remain underspecified
complex templates
distance approach
satis able
highest estimate
extensions would
known verb
including compound
parser consistently
model comes
statistical morphological
uses global
monotonicity requirement
20 newsgroups
learned lexicon
der firma
bob would
right dependent
goal oriented
np fragments
grid representation
bangalore et
example discourse
morphological parsing
higher correlation
tile remaining
design approach
constraints concerning
inquery query
like proper
model differs
output given
grained classification
study suggests
test programs
significance testing
fill scores
threshold range
restrictive theory
marked speech
future experimentation
collins 1996
transformed corpus
corpus showed
formal ontology
filtering rule
available sources
candidate correspondence
involved languages
sound inventories
also work
baseline lexicon
material conditions
errors per
generates spoken
verbalization option
left unused
edge e
representation leads
foreign news
hierarchy would
extended projection
particular status
ellipsis pattern
four layers
frequent adjectives
matrix a2
rheme division
sifas corpus
number representing
official system
auxiliary questions
blind person
second key
also facilitates
ontology concept
systemic linguistics
pv expert
multicodict system
transducer lexicon
report percentage
compositional semantic
waltz algorithm
member classifiers
helping students
ignore punctuation
dictionary task
constituents generated
exponential prior
difficult decision
system 2
javelin system
planning text
oriented techniques
general application
certain manner
domain system
flight event
statistical point
differs fundamentally
title page
reference categories
called meaning
node leads
art technologies
project esteam
vocabulary language
interlingual index
original dop
relation hierarchy
automated prompts
null bleu
models generally
test 4
multilevel annotation
segmentation provides
symbols like
representation could
lexieal categories
alternate pronunciations
correct derivation
tupac amaru
utterance means
lin 2002
test phases
potential content
trec programs
prosody tree
segment cannot
every move
separable case
many query
main functions
experiments comes
hyponym candidates
systems involve
section lists
nom comp
node could
discourse elements
systems make
consistency problems
students might
various dialogue
hand evaluation
use interface
novel representation
knowledge gap
chunk category
missing subject
constraints exist
embedded pronouns
person verb
military aid
information availability
source entries
reference answers
grammar lexicon
cimiano et
mass assigned
language possesses
interactive application
rau 1995
knowledge gleaned
equivalent pcfg
analysis provides
research showed
speech l
null string
handling errors
complement semantic
unification variables
stages may
man went
attribute features
variation instances
order graph
useful translation
tasks described
difference scores
additional mechanism
six partitions
multilingual collocation
accusative object
mary eats
abney 1989
sov order
rule refers
corresponding pairs
jun90 test
equivalence set
basic cognitive
decisions rather
complexity involved
fine grained
longest phrase
coda consonants
agreement concerning
common concept
constraints specifying
classification features
maximal gain
ta components
chief concern
issue related
syntactic parse
aspect choice
pe r
quadratic assignment
frame instantiation
pronunciation unit
abridged repairs
determine weights
pattern morphemes
expert translator
standard trigram
distributive distinction
eugenio et
system knowledge
dag node
varying test
marcu alignments
square tests
describe features
sentential zero
action hierarchies
order parameters
w represent
possible morpheme
original systems
saturation point
parse quality
appropriate facts
one activity
student read
validation test
document cluster
200 miles
successful translations
hyponym index
vowel tier
phrase forms
operator mapping
hard clustering
discourse annotation
grammatical mechanisms
second tape
extensive testing
complete independence
corresponding predicate
bound morphemes
raw text
phase 4
content features
binding relation
data stream
retrieved list
using telephone
companies could
des transformations
proper name
97 summarizer
sentence take
translation segments
program includes
last case
formal foundations
particular prosodic
four events
speaker differences
surface constituent
attribute involved
boundary point
n2 n1
probability used
functor argument
technical terminology
boolean concept
path event
lrs production
dummy node
gene entity
e tree
true bitext
complement may
durin g
minimal elements
entity items
metonymic extensions
subject case
step started
relevant measure
proposed changes
forthcoming work
tests performed
elegant approach
default role
space based
normal circumstances
left order
agent position
valuation functions
research field
rules combined
referring actions
four datasets
code based
zero crossing
multimodal spoken
specific issues
english broadcast
level finite
constant value
baseline would
adding relations
conceptual retrieval
particular direction
par les
synonym groups
vocabulary acquisition
agreement check
uses natural
rate could
problems solvable
terms increases
looks exactly
dialogue game
important sentence
articles selected
shift actions
transducer would
bill hit
structure defined
distinguished start
3d environment
plural anaphors
de controladores
typical corpus
original search
preferences appear
different coherence
linguistic realisation
training words
random base
modules may
progress test
node n3
appositive relative
combines several
one simple
tokens whose
new component
mental phenomenon
linux pc
linear deduction
new organizations
increase classification
graphical user
ce lexique
text systems
phrase finder
numerical data
sequence occurs
rules means
capture two
new sentences
user goals
bilexical transduction
causal connective
trec 2002
typical approach
categories representing
systems either
left modifier
accepting computation
main constituents
bein g
specific version
kyoto text
supporting technologies
nsf grant
optimization techniques
segmentation strategies
question q1
uses case
many variations
literal process
classical transformational
ford motor
new students
joint likelihood
idiosyncratic information
arbitrary texts
patterns using
last argument
duration models
sparse bayesian
subject ng
filter log
symbolic techniques
include determiners
rule c
cluster members
automaton state
significant relationship
valuable experience
wsj material
grammar would
expected performance
rules extracted
scope interaction
hidari oku
edge sets
utterances 3
definition pairs
dependent rewrite
associated functions
ideal data
set description
comprehension test
modify framework
expression associated
control document
present prototype
large gain
single thread
predications per
roles filled
increasing order
atomic constants
select correct
turn transitions
published works
noise conditions
anomalous relations
accessible index
bird 1992
bad parse
senses listed
compatibility feature
linear discrimination
original development
processing relies
editing operations
user space
degree centrality
trade secrets
typical behavior
string pairs
form consisting
classifiers often
requires recognition
phrases also
text search
error identification
using heuristics
summarization evaluations
called modifier
predictable patterns
relevance scores
domains covered
structure dependent
important temporal
glosseme string
natural multimodal
rule use
following notations
third party
contain contextual
six thirty
plus nouns
michael mcdonald
coordinate np
based dialogue
dutch sentence
score representing
reordering operations
next line
adjacent process
conditions hold
fundamental problems
unification grammar
draws attention
government users
step b
whose solutions
focus types
columns 1
concepts representing
multiple engines
else choose
english equivalents
newspaper reportage
medical treatment
cola drink
yields two
one slight
phrase aligned
l rules
codebook discrete
like term
moore machine
interactive dialogue
harper et
art technology
tresor de
structured objects
centering constraints
markert et
lhs would
methods included
implicit strategy
lenient data
similar ways
english case
immediate inference
distribution 1
training responses
score calculation
conceptual immediacy
physical attributes
mapping patterns
dialogue schema
free type
qualified answer
modified noun
slot value
simple content
words shorter
base et
markov model
phrases involved
verb roots
another work
new estimates
martin luther
embedded verbs
trellis structure
significant numbers
explicit annotation
phrases across
phoneme distance
extracted templates
accurate parsers
existing classification
nuclear program
scenario 3
give definitions
scores obtained
since function
also validate
six sets
handcrafted knowledge
word label
backward search
backwards search
brings together
represent less
individual applications
koller et
alignment procedures
scope preferences
text development
better translation
october 1989
brill 1995
interpretation level
type predictor
rightward application
see john
cyk parser
aided language
various activities
learner could
include k
detection rates
cooperative problem
resources could
spoken documents
cost search
text begins
binary adjectives
overt object
pronunciation dictionaries
accuracy simply
input layer
descriptor strings
fundamental units
either represent
eliciting information
language ambiguities
word fl
dictionary solutions
labels per
timit corpus
sophisticated rules
processing often
additive corrections
unmarked word
weighted bipartite
previous week
information relevant
iterative deepening
audio server
trigram prediction
rules arc
frame used
chat logs
recurrence equations
100 runs
connected dominance
constituents first
five patterns
word construction
argument applies
first morpheme
interactive editing
occurrence must
large volume
lc tu
object dependency
rule allows
multilingual clusters
whose comments
approach compares
relational patterns
datasets using
different domains
force base
specific term
words analyzed
form variables
misspelled words
stage processing
centroid score
user requires
une notation
des notions
sentences per
accession rates
four configurations
weight according
linguistic objects
tim context
special method
good reading
sl tokens
complete morphological
single agent
standard web
difficulty comes
cognitive modelling
existing car
road conflguration
name module
constituent nodes
switching method
markers play
unrelated information
prediction performance
application window
two subproblems
one notes
licensing relation
directed processor
sample dialog
planning relationship
pierre chanod
speech synthesis
a40 a50
arrows indicate
rule 10
original weight
generative semantics
severe problems
necessarily guarantee
right inference
computer understanding
verbal expression
null links
language interpretation
via telephone
model ii
concept sell
dirichlet priors
compound translation
trial run
models agree
mary say
medical practice
met john
regular web
quality maxim
average document
acoustic region
extraposed phrase
qdse system
tree r
variable names
28 aofrr
bootstrapping strategy
matrix provides
indexing results
roles r
ill lhe
extension described
critical situations
erroneous data
chart representing
categorical feature
image analysis
acoustic models
handle correctly
time adaptation
corresponding type
corpus pre
used b
derivation order
de faits
weak equivalence
word pronunciations
personal computers
raised past
models benefit
common choice
asked subjects
cyclic structures
theoretical guarantees
multiple news
competence grammars
actual objects
est la
dialogue applications
declarative resource
type ambiguity
temporal adjectives
multiple classifiers
shows significant
federal home
recognition tools
best scoring
modern dutch
procedure attempts
joint sigdat
statistics using
analyse est
phone text
every reduction
e tag
lower costs
drink wine
n part
context whether
eme templates
test query
minimal effort
every correct
logarithmic function
several seconds
yon neumann
lp algorithm
complementary word
precise set
force exerted
clir results
relevant contextual
analysis task
object instances
6 evaluation
errors produced
key problems
primitive structures
readable representation
input 4
word associations
ardently support
system feedback
disfluent sentences
fg fg
centering constraint
term matches
research paradigm
additional candidates
visual features
connected digit
spectral density
derivation involves
f0 range
practical aspects
generalization problem
like patr
language function
experiments showing
different names
similar figures
adjectival meaning
selection score
functional organization
detailed modeling
several results
processing needed
local point
arbres adjoints
selection algorithms
french test
component shall
root sentence
based reasoning
lexicalized tree
basic outline
successful inference
orthographic level
verbalization options
simple k
little attention
plan applicability
correct arabic
standard sense
generic data
recorder dialog
direct supervision
de chacune
e among
building logical
whose coverage
gapped sequences
component corresponds
demonstrated improvement
relative validity
similar surface
linguistic similarity
unmodified collins
test error
prosody transplantation
selection schemes
variation occurs
sided sampling
first piece
emergency room
cannot modify
different individual
negative changes
morphological tags
robin 1997
distinct subsets
triples extracted
measures alone
maximal cliques
sharing may
definite marker
ontological structure
su b
prototype siml
contains 120
64 verbs
precision since
contain 10
weighting models
regular sense
hybrid snn
grammar expressed
masculine gender
training methods
segmentation decisions
certain stage
tsujii et
outgoing arcs
make segmentation
derivational semantics
real resolution
contain anything
architectural requirements
semantic grammars
input condition
comparable english
fixed field
discussion focused
utterance fragment
grain match
2 k
formula involving
68 words
mark indicates
learned rule
unanalyzable words
latter category
involves either
among agents
formalism may
start production
entity since
internal organization
expression choice
developing countries
texts dealing
road accidents
anaphora occurs
object clefts
six dollars
word points
single n
implicit goal
head slash
state approach
comparison across
parameter specifying
1 number
tree database
hypertext markup
turns contain
raw data
backtracking information
kb design
maximum pitch
axiom schemas
complete text
identify tile
systems appear
rank 2
state state
tion 2
flexible pattern
element identification
model suffers
following fragment
indirect sources
pressure levels
corresponding improvement
case noun
type rules
translation would
model serves
tree used
i1 semble
specific regularities
various ways
syntax parser
dictionary coverage
code word
implement various
parameter types
adjective group
articles published
separate sub
grammatical module
dence score
roles used
keyboard based
left unlabeled
plausibility value
bilingual resources
speaker would
proposed answers
verbs classified
european governments
different problems
find among
imperfect knowledge
spelling correcter
accusative case
written documents
first constructs
vocabulary models
initial field
negative ones
oil engineering
bracket precision
unification instead
subject descriptions
automatic scorer
great advances
synonymous translation
collision sets
parameter weights
medline abstract
given date
individual variations
represent first
therefore attempts
multiple concept
pattern element
term dependencies
stage process
form types
third rows
unseen word
rule appears
relational concepts
performing inferences
relaxation techniques
something different
surface position
critical path
linguistic contexts
phonetic model
computers understand
domain levels
multiple categorizations
consistent rate
reduction rate
changning huang
np structure
semantic difference
w words
average weighted
developing strategies
like texts
approaches alone
c phenomena
adjunction node
relates two
following system
ig sequence
quadratic regularization
wrong meaning
several resources
trains system
disambiguating contexts
next class
elements long
german dialect
low unseen
abstracts using
unit consists
generic reference
topical keywords
line 12
substantial difference
collocation filters
qualia roles
annotated questions
combinatory operators
richard kittredge
data gathered
type like
integrated systems
input expression
term disambiguation
bill believes
irregular inflectional
five dialogues
natural langnage
neighborhood learning
training narratives
grammar rule
use deep
stuart c
correct result
good clustering
poor man
sample grammars
produce highly
ashley chang
timebank 1
rationale clause
planning relation
via analysis
dialogue research
transborder data
sets shows
cannot measure
rules set
different units
items produced
extra complication
sensitive system
ht systems
need statement
les bulletins
processing via
one assigns
memory footprint
market conditions
technologies institute
mathematical formula
tile control
500 terms
frequent patterns
create goals
avoid selecting
two implications
kernel feature
vowel length
6 percent
tile feature
single constituents
coverage grammar
interrogative forms
uniform number
prosodic module
tile examples
generates output
providing access
add p
que n
ten forty
section presented
medical dictionary
consecutive tokens
cultural factors
features need
level left
input channels
job candidates
monotone decoding
set whose
probability jump
year history
actual contexts
matching parser
lexicosyntactic patterns
dependency transduction
answers would
empty sequence
whose top
important similarities
describe additional
dynamic range
four discourse
classified training
upper classes
strong result
whose features
salience measures
edit sequence
declarative formalisms
describe regular
justi ed
working definition
system construction
electronic publications
semantic indexing
featural information
based expert
trouble types
provides background
rendre compte
tight integration
collect sufficient
tile local
symbol positions
per label
provides efficient
structures among
specific texts
probable errors
unique symbol
representing classes
base segmentation
represent simple
exist across
total amount
followin g
null number
phrase except
litman 1987
integrated search
version must
thus differs
hurricaine gilbert
min need
computational implications
transition density
cannot consider
attributive uses
university colloquium
completely describe
management speech
stylistic information
global score
clef questions
bottom panel
polynomial kernel
host argument
parsing chart
develop criteria
generated elements
variables may
new sign
use mt
probabilistic score
data supports
mit dem
bigram component
human reader
lascarides et
redundancy rule
program include
selected nodes
fullest extent
representative results
events e
adjectival modifier
million tokens
forest representation
hoc approaches
three translations
node position
family history
margaret king
perplexity decreases
hub scores
experiment setup
denominal adjectives
derivations occurs
dependency paths
group list
upper frame
text categorization
considerable progress
irrelevant ones
training sequences
alternating argument
sensible approach
retrieval field
analyze words
initial rule
spanish test
sentences yields
global node
predict rain
reference records
rules system
category associated
dictionary features
simple interpolation
rises sharply
side product
sentential model
basic representational
project eurotra
trouble ticket
operational goals
prominent syllables
binarization tree
export trade
singular values
dictionary also
nominal constructions
new measures
sequential ordering
newswire sources
concise text
english descriptions
high consistency
george w
occasional errors
corpora seem
basic organization
complementizer field
following words
half day
distinct clusters
forced unification
general ways
two subcategories
component proposed
previous processing
lexical grammar
wrong tag
project aimed
normal unification
write x
probabilistic lr
including string
relative semantic
users simply
mary may
grammatical specification
entity data
three subsets
word contained
regarding quality
combinatory lexical
degrade performance
possible realisations
different cases
training topics
rate decreases
integrated development
known result
complex agglutinative
low scores
training approaches
f0 max
user could
level performance
virtual modality
ordered derivation
current environment
idf scoring
frequency scores
various surface
various extraction
digression test
assumption since
becomes inactive
find acceptable
character separates
discourse segmentation
p prime
linear input
den akker
make specific
entire filler
physical contact
new pairs
certain relations
documentation center
10000 sentences
noun belongs
index grammars
single hypothesis
ts methods
important criterion
cc structure
speech disambiguator
pbf diagrams
nlg community
ga aru
peter started
context one
marcu exploiting
possible parser
based realization
via http
wrong order
ambiguous phenomena
distributed simulation
theoretical orientation
node x
substantial degree
sound treatment
english wh
2 measure
grammar paradigm
component action
context markers
questions arise
5 runs
multimodal output
accurate confidence
perceptual features
lexicalized tag
identifies candidate
lip opening
loves bill
representat ion
database would
previous step
correlation analyses
notational device
implicit parse
analysis represented
text involving
lexical unit
build lexicons
closing punctuation
generate modifiers
mark beutnagel
knowledge within
certain depth
evaluations like
confusion set
environmental noise
quantifier count
recovery technique
k different
kong kifou
active nodes
unseen event
lexieal semantics
abbreviatory variables
generation architectures
sampson 1987
multiple arguments
gram user
highest classification
words would
paraphrase class
based integration
lexicalized nature
rudolph giuliani
usage frequencies
logic formulae
discuss using
words adjacent
lowest number
robust methods
fertility 0
fitness function
semantic components
annotate corpora
temporal position
full name
second property
bio tagging
bigram estimates
mentioned person
den brief
thre e
overt case
either words
confirmation request
last train
languages 2
objects created
tagging named
hotel near
referent tracking
delicate distinctions
program provides
standard forward
oriented representation
able lo
pruning method
algorithm leads
remain invariant
1 discusses
selectional association
candidates produced
govdep propagation
better chance
potential combinatorial
optimal sets
word spacing
rapid prototype
ou de
boxed indices
spoken response
features like
path p
next steps
correction strategies
two phenomena
require exponential
current morpheme
edge going
inferential patterns
detecting omissions
specific entries
enough occurrences
duc 2004
language dialog
serc grant
elusive goal
good behavior
subsequent parser
sentence id
reference files
constraint optimization
states emit
parallel treatment
question string
relevant synsets
model called
entity reference
user identifies
space model
abstraction function
word chinese
existing content
guo yan
sequence matching
segmental measurements
421 sentences
common test
past part
select relevant
closed caption
tts system
clock calendar
two manifestations
correct usage
email lm
global states
available dictionary
a1 a0
potential antecedents
elles permettent
n form
conceptual patterns
syntactic constraint
preference hierarchy
phenomena exist
un second
text block
connective words
corpus 1
polarity items
reception algorithms
1 iff
sophisticated users
different phrase
adequate level
level subjective
automata containing
serial parser
experiment shows
resultant state
morphological phase
baseline non
expressions included
6 system
object occurs
values set
particular instance
negative categories
multilingual documentation
precise role
also differ
possible repairs
thank susanne
constructive approach
precise understanding
detailed studies
sequencing constraints
annotated features
attribute pattern
markov chain
classes formed
world events
negotiation dialogues
data refers
actual plan
represent causal
systems implement
speech per
parse yi
regular forms
hobbs 1979
x2 head
perform rather
processing parameters
representing states
corpus material
data storage
static situations
sparsity issues
dog food
segmentation problem
system tables
system accepted
restrictions apply
error would
formal notion
event instances
objects referred
one becomes
tiffs strategy
versus read
analysis statistics
user achieve
like model
surface representations
potential use
phone numbers
two orderings
rule shown
word hmm
prone process
per adjective
corpora together
infinitive phrases
utterance understanding
planning models
noun data
pragmatic operators
a7 a0
whole domain
resulting languages
attract attention
acceptable quality
relation remains
open fire
aimed corpus
generation accuracy
doc length
treebank construction
gap information
agent wants
negative answers
since grammars
form xi
irregular orthography
testing environment
every j
online component
fundamental fact
recognizer accuracy
two methods
us patent
per page
explicit probability
narrow domain
stimulus words
action logic
general surface
weighting procedure
unspecified arguments
linked n
appropriate parts
rm file
analysis problem
ne transliteration
coverage dictionaries
like systran
conclusions would
lowercase letter
sentence analyzer
monolingual terminology
constructed systems
conll 2005
distributed processing
grammar non
sentences 7
possible tokenizations
lower level
combination phase
classification confidence
meaningful expression
target dependency
formal aspect
selected text
previous process
use domain
ucp formalism
models often
conceptual representations
show relatively
translation rule
new edge
max sim
com domain
approach cannot
collecting co
mechanisms used
noun combinations
whole candidate
implicit references
past perfect
nal state
every grammar
available evidence
lexical senses
explicit segmentation
acquisition time
adverb like
state conditions
handles ellipsis
segmentation coverage
informational relations
specification framework
alternative measure
additional domains
external functioning
three clusters
null marker
separate research
certain corpus
pipelined nlg
construction involves
resulting interpretation
n trees
ii format
complete data
normal prolog
style treebank
whose row
desired value
oriented design
weight factor
time boundaries
different range
lexical attachment
wu dao
events described
keys may
million relations
computational methods
surface negative
nodes ill
number one
base generation
discourse metaplans
final structure
actual variables
help much
correct results
conjunction constructions
patterns 0
k algorithm
rigid structure
feature restrictions
specific model
candidate boundaries
statistical testing
strong indication
3 label
marcu 97
graphical notation
number markers
particular location
learner output
short english
method helps
data visualization
dutch stress
interesting use
several branches
much sparser
node bearing
classification space
also extracts
conditions prevent
simplify tile
rule contains
every time
input streams
standard surface
text resources
nominalization phrase
character recognition
rank ratio
candidate item
dosed class
labeled data
stack copy
hierarchical organization
des parties
subsequent evaluation
general theory
determining discourse
excessive diphthongs
one illocutionary
system leverages
many experts
property expressed
medical vocabulary
data reveals
learnt rules
average reduction
6 words
wi system
kernel performs
cohesion may
compensation algorithms
paired sentences
sublist p
larger improvements
domain facts
type annotation
state splits
strong results
interesting wavefront
arc based
relation ri
3 construction
connectionist architecture
symbolic representation
e world
l et
scoring runs
ambiguity caused
father node
punctuation sign
first parser
medicine sense
phrase processing
small seed
domain hierarchies
examples one
tsuda et
symbol corresponding
data c
feature classifiers
special end
match perfectly
document data
connectionist computational
retrieval performance
resulting function
2 refers
lexicon providing
propositional modal
another sort
getting stuck
entropy using
place independently
relational noun
diekema et
maximum depth
binary representations
smt techniques
relations specified
begin testing
mixture system
output script
cognitive perspective
finer distinction
les departements
directional preposition
target instances
things may
respective category
xi f
terminal symbols
null cies
atomic entities
phonetic recognizer
system contained
cannot replace
definition match
planning may
rwc corpus
called terminal
lexical basis
lemmatized form
maximal tncb
significant extent
singular object
visual displays
forme de
distinct symbols
lafferty et
ic c
cannot use
expensive step
correction task
two equivalence
general purposes
top label
methods evaluated
key terms
framenet database
bidirectional parser
data needs
features examined
discourse generation
string match
two disks
focusing heuristics
additional names
case insensitive
likely verb
tim information
cross sentence
bounds k
certain proper
hostile takeover
every relevant
axioms hold
every segment
linguistic normalization
prepositional sfs
standard theory
translation aids
default cases
sister match
point back
minds system
models needed
shieber 86
dictionary lists
est triste
student words
fundamental issues
another string
sentences viewed
terms makes
large test
genetic engineering
answer sets
work includes
average probabilities
rule execution
semantic ontology
proposes three
x never
interactive graphics
made redundant
al 1988
entity merging
open branch
internet applications
provided word
initial base
pas aux
underlying sentences
12 word
approximate departure
null vided
pass recognition
query using
model evaluates
vertical position
lower thresholds
hypothesis based
reference conditions
practical purpose
section could
test ii
conjunctive postpositions
effective communication
direct effect
contain overlapping
embedding mutation
conditions holds
current focus
preceding time
leftmost longest
initial stages
known results
key fact
dialog planner
embedded discourse
mixed sentences
translation paradigm
incorporates various
many irrelevant
dissimilarity classi
back door
recursive processes
ancestor line
automated generation
greedy methods
null knowledge
sentence 14
ablation study
produce three
segmentation features
speech algorithms
methods rather
n tokens
extended versions
information transfer
parsing use
suffixal morpheme
driven loop
segmentation also
john built
incident reports
individual english
u x
performance overall
situation type
linguistic types
peter hates
pnv data
fig 3
patterns show
one computes
equal sign
h3c 3j7
model includes
ordering algorithm
preference mechanisms
standard head
linguistic techniques
larger proportion
conceptual aspects
temporal representations
enhanced tree
90 seconds
information server
form nt
texts makes
like question
external morphological
class structure
turn cause
document reference
decision structure
nn model
require case
bbc corpus
2 reveals
feature forests
transfer project
situation since
exhibit many
paper claims
human feedback
class tagging
analysis features
evaluation systems
case remains
scores around
two topics
idiosyncratic behaviour
search organization
case specification
analysis also
include anything
topic distributions
match either
speech trigrams
additional problems
a0 arg
english phrasal
terms might
slots would
gaussian distributions
top bike
quantifier type
traduction automatique
simple use
english joint
different terms
28 aot3
good term
2 c
proper location
phonetic chain
predicate refers
paper used
chosen sense
states within
data allows
longer dialogue
either make
response consisting
moore computer
strategies required
individual scores
cause errors
la position
weighted f
underlying predicates
people names
segmentation across
training examples
raw ocr
reduced lexicon
er features
20 clusters
every triple
based interpreter
also differs
obvious use
relation p
shorter strings
distinctive cells
phrase derived
r q
computational feasibility
description rather
automatic techniques
voiced consonant
equal amount
exactly half
reference translations
different bases
r intended
fewer distinct
phase ii
typical phrases
borrowed word
linear rules
standard ai
require greater
four kinds
grammar generates
a19 th
desired set
vast amount
student responses
satellite structure
important prerequisite
distrib word
effect thematic
functional label
bioscience literature
head tag
coded corpus
argumentation acts
lingual summarization
central word
paraphrase probability
maintenance problems
3 points
percent farther
describe context
feedback algorithm
small circles
sparc station
related content
identification number
role tag
information grows
unnecessary nodes
feature associated
three girls
bracket rate
turing machines
phrase b
expensive process
fragment f
analysis across
ideal metric
multiple templates
parallel tree
prototype list
feature expectations
way described
10 folds
random walk
june 21st
one variation
sequence even
specific question
processing device
pilot experiment
experience showed
multinomial distribution
sentences required
broken wire
ocr error
level 1
equi verb
linguistic stimuli
a38 a1
original nodes
strongly data
kn dt
senses based
conclusions expressed
act analysis
parametric form
sets typically
contextual disambiguation
every alternative
form cat
descriptions include
tt ts
utterance sequences
formative clusters
race track
coefficients obtained
intentional level
lexical agreement
official policy
projects aimed
corresponding operations
4 summarize
le pense
another speaker
head among
type class
trec competition
volume 2
lower dimensionality
assign objects
bill walk
special graph
young men
bulletin boards
particular restrictions
compound nominals
role among
contextual part
graph produced
relevance criteria
data intensive
second tag
prediction without
right sequential
combining resources
general probabilistic
verb dictionary
lexicalized parsing
many e
highest plausibility
verb tree
manual expansion
filtering effectiveness
limited resource
include annotations
traditional knowledge
translations extracted
corpus without
proposition bank
better score
following sequences
abbreviations used
commercial sector
closer analysis
first represent
description du
current read
taxonomic similarity
early experimentation
exact process
better algorithms
overall frequencies
unary syntactic
key issues
bulgarian contexts
syllables may
grammatical characteristics
ci plu
topic extraction
phrases requires
news corporation
np constructions
lexicalist approach
jessie king
stress patterns
performance errors
linearly dependent
xuedong huang
semantic subcategorization
full sentential
human judge
past form
adequate translation
robust spoken
eigen vectors
multimodal dialogues
contextually allows
handle noisy
sequence structure
considerably harder
data consistent
deeper analysis
response variables
rap generates
contact relationship
positive term
three symbols
particular news
erty et
like ice
right cluster
sequence tagging
space explored
speech dictation
absolute synonyms
feature ranking
works backwards
rule causes
semantic denotation
semantic segments
humorous turns
marrow transplantation
temporal discontinuities
two lexicons
evaluative statements
prior distribution
information cannot
following approaches
presents experiments
error rule
participants use
yield reliable
action hierarchy
function cannot
credit service
identify errors
arises due
evaluation script
primitive acts
future examples
known markov
especially nouns
static list
second restriction
text nodes
line mt
thos e
reconstruction process
2 allows
optimal training
lexicon probability
nlg texts
ying xiang
constraining factors
incorporating prosodic
explicit formulation
span consists
right column
chiang et
compound object
initial edges
activity analysis
next generation
technical expressions
final response
de llenguatges
importance hierarchy
ambiguous suffixes
tipster 18
data paths
extracted fragments
meteer et
outside probability
participating systems
device may
month meeting
quantitative evaluation
event occurs
ie engine
idf scheme
red item
definitions 1
lp grammars
sensitive approaches
use elementary
darpa atis
dual port
phrase within
lexicon smoothing
recall measures
including number
editing actions
displays network
test checks
pairs must
directly affects
singleton types
interval t2
ellipsis handler
computational lexicons
suffix features
prevent spurious
control grammar
c feature
system developmen
subsumption checking
optimization routine
tree reordering
translation stages
given property
tree linearization
simple stochastic
lower translation
cat scenario
prosodic characteristics
meaning description
single basic
spatter parser
woods 1970
punctuation marks
particular communicative
corresponding expressions
single story
called function
preposition heading
ratios policy
web consortium
unique surface
legal values
ad 2
nlu sub
classify nouns
new stack
large table
unseen character
erimental results
breaks occur
defined level
pitch tracks
elhadad et
produce various
possible system
target audience
iff b
en termes
right children
mcdonald 85
local accessibility
groups participated
study confirmed
statistics show
visual space
different issues
subj b
selected data
place name
centralized search
hisi mother
layout component
adding phrases
alphabetic writing
distinct lexemes
score using
item number
a21 a4
performance beyond
occurrence sentences
c indicate
association tendencies
hungarian academy
phrase xp
verbs occurred
several metrics
high payoff
intervening word
word break
increasing function
requires systems
perform query
multimedia environment
estimation error
different writings
cache model
generating templates
profligate cfl
30 randomly
description refinement
53 nouns
two suffixes
ranked passage
gates became
5 bits
data appears
two predictors
feature arguments
account morphological
realisation rules
relations among
implicit constraints
points made
database updates
blue drawer
two spoken
form representation
information placed
arbitrary distribution
3 conference
lm smoothing
pictorial representation
financial texts
two benefits
translates directly
reviews categories
j48 decision
control unit
terminological relationships
good guess
relaxation mechanism
previous mentions
la formation
real application
queries via
mmi encoder
voice conversion
phd thesis
template set
transducer induced
russian academy
functional points
multilingual isle
erroneous proposition
extra source
various sources
path effect
condition 1
adjective modifiers
others express
entries would
support provided
another variant
every link
complex documents
different descriptive
particular concept
rules directly
remain consistent
promising technique
rule translation
adequately describe
conjunctions like
subsequent system
perform error
procedural terms
hindi dictionary
find algorithm
four attributes
terminological context
verb meaning
plan chaining
validation results
first considers
concurrent processing
nist 2002
ranking value
42 a1
hearer uses
filler per
lies beyond
parsing appears
6 levels
meeting transcription
scope clauses
remain unresolved
furnkranz et
context classifier
bounded linear
concrete case
access applications
process many
cascaded entity
requires search
mathematical proofs
fluent speech
automatic prosody
study conducted
paraphraser must
indexing language
set a38
question number
minimal derivations
parent cs
extraction phase
human associations
combined weight
chunker based
clausal structure
scope window
andrew r
lawrence birnbaum
smixut construct
natural hmguage
syntactic dependency
several utterances
questions might
binary precedence
loss rates
implant wears
temporal closure
essays used
cluster centers
grammar induced
best configuration
knowledge sharing
arpa contract
given tree
hi group
whose pattern
overall occurrences
source document
chinese ne
word resource
subcategorisation possibilities
traffic light
capitalised word
many sets
bilingual language
active data
additional phrase
substantial increase
word give
reflect underlying
connotational difference
original text
interval corresponds
avoid data
escherichia coli
novel phrase
automatic humor
expert class
whole entity
turn derived
key assignments
classes containing
elementary dependency
share parameters
penalty scheme
also contrasts
inner probabilities
another mode
water height
prolog backtracking
basic construction
optimal l
diverse tasks
un des
allowing data
possible words
seeking clarification
modulo projection
unique head
another category
dm module
system normally
labelled arc
classification could
1 tile
mainly relies
phoneme hypotheses
comparison requires
whose goals
5wlh extraction
template system
range specification
sense learning
inferential mechanisms
similar style
consider part
present experiment
contain incomplete
32 questions
obligatory ones
stereotypical user
whose confidence
work addresses
experimental paradigm
several language
attributes would
participants took
single fillers
likes bill
j respectively
prolog list
current parser
variables n
corresponding pronunciation
expert effort
imbalanced training
token starts
11 summarizes
one semester
design component
noun may
interaction management
first occurrence
relations occurring
time specified
sentence incrementally
language determination
first senseval
global properties
presentation strategy
labeled bracketings
combines word
numbers within
node immediately
variable term
modal relations
inference approach
accurate retrieval
human rights
predict boundaries
apply techniques
rule counts
discourse anaphoric
mitre sponsored
500 entries
model keeps
obtain word
candidate tree
de celui
structures obtained
ambiguous examples
tile concepts
direct objects
short overview
paraphrase generation
comparative purposes
type abstraction
using dialogue
lists according
local expertise
minimum average
greek letter
arpa sponsored
queries given
1 expresses
elements necessary
sud des
g using
appropriate word
marked ones
unrestricted language
generative grammarians
briefly considered
adaptive system
letter conversion
creole modules
true precision
us president
derivation path
lower boundary
programs capable
parser state
consistent iff
ambiguity site
containing definitions
order results
stochastic expectation
phoned barbara
chosen subset
press releases
representing properties
transformed sentences
two retrieval
text text
0 j
scratch using
training performs
e corresponds
model addresses
comprehensive assessment
free indexation
scenario level
separation costs
multidocument summarization
translating collocations
familiarity theory
like ti
assumption may
necessary data
subsequent words
classes cannot
bibliographic data
first fragment
equivalent output
weighting strategy
average time
quantificational structure
temporal precedence
underspecification formalisms
des occurrences
performance goes
limited flexibility
percolation rules
relations implied
parser records
sequence labelling
verb tag
naturel est
given passage
pronunciation changes
der wouden
conversion dictionary
wide diversity
quickset system
level tools
categorization algorithms
term relations
motion verbs
negative matrix
valid affixes
pos templates
respectively contain
average speech
principle proposed
resulting values
syntactic checking
clusters correspond
sentences following
0 grammar
2 put
previous views
segment records
gather together
novel relations
segmental mapping
situations involving
action noun
input english
speed gains
directed motion
certain minimum
complex structure
logical constant
speech engine
emotion adjectives
two control
different assignments
specific morphemes
findings may
base application
neighbour search
adverb class
let cj
np whose
existing proposals
two examples
typical human
equation 14
assignment task
causal law
complex tagging
newsgroup data
trees differ
valid path
across sub
architect drew
others axe
john read
codes given
a2 requests
generation point
classifier averaged
inside noun
special device
types may
system therefore
new experiment
uses mutual
morphological components
phrase length
annotation would
local operations
written language
realizes c
associated concept
first system
construct state
plane crash
component analysis
factors 1
rules call
possible responses
identity would
interpretation seems
nodes present
imitate human
new corpora
level without
sentence description
feature modification
algorithm defines
data estimation
little advantage
embedded elements
noun target
phrase describes
term clustering
language identification
different segmentations
dependency translation
sense 5
n state
based sources
arpa community
compiling corpus
model parameter
dat ik
separate scores
real dialogue
links correspond
rough approximations
lexical cooccurrence
second pass
answering process
always uses
iron bars
null tile
constituent labels
spectral dynamics
candidate passage
logic provides
a48 a42a41
discussion shows
satisfaction conditions
kanji input
discourse organizer
near operator
individual indicators
logical description
ti cikket
average segment
preference scoring
two adjectives
authors tend
sentences mentioning
occurrence vector
humans cannot
alternative paths
ranked order
tile possible
given meaning
represent actions
unconditional replacement
dictionary accesses
source database
agreement increases
corresponding random
position information
predicted part
ha inventato
recurrent combinations
group identification
grammar without
data store
weights given
recognition capacity
predicting words
meeting browser
sa1 np
hand member
particular arguments
post process
rule incorporated
rags framework
applicative expressions
explicitly express
processing systems
source used
algorithmic improvements
constituent may
similar treatment
constraint interaction
2 etc
generation continues
phrases could
detecting errors
unisys system
unobserved cooccurrences
wallaby hop
pragmatic insincerity
rules including
research institutions
xle also
paper experiment
new memory
footnote 7
information encoded
verb modifier
nancy chinchor
head parsing
constant factors
interpretation score
human created
latter includes
declension case
conjunction ambiguity
keyword pairs
headword chain
prop indicates
augmentor module
basic points
ambiguities like
academic counseling
match feature
patterns alone
term might
character appearing
partial disagreement
syntactic substitution
xie documents
5 roles
values directly
hayes et
four steps
rule expands
character verb
initial run
screen dump
proposed translations
subordinate ones
harry eats
human instructor
based lms
approach employed
optional sequence
la liaison
wilks interaction
factor analysis
contain highly
actual operational
several projects
formedness rules
eastern airlines
024 sentences
transliterated names
type resolution
segmental rules
perceptual space
kahn et
feature detection
document sections
normalized cuts
mathematical framework
correct placement
modelling tool
columns 3
purpose information
matching methods
single way
candidate mothers
explicit markings
planning agent
candidate meaning
underlying predicate
label consistency
map estimate
root verb
single dimension
one indicating
background structures
expressions rather
modi cation
simple ir
variable de
tag feature
third program
chains output
domain terms
reported parsing
rule file
greedy heuristic
second parsing
length lscript
n th
source parallel
chunking accuracy
stock price
simple keyword
rich inflection
arguments apply
baseline condition
pivot form
left pronominalization
data shown
level classification
many summarization
selects two
synthesized speech
following feature
nonnative speaker
yen kan
driven tagger
little progress
typical sentences
chomsky 5
spanning positions
value unknown
correct description
smallest corpus
mt researchers
becomes prohibitively
infix operator
strict superset
defined interpretation
task either
client sends
relevant translation
item 2
clari cation
trigram statistics
np nn
generalized mrs
preliminary efforts
use multi
translation plays
occurring speech
module recognizes
first words
genes mentioned
order markov
morphological analysis
information sought
action event
smith hired
specific axioms
time sharing
determiner categories
generic name
30 db
test f
whose context
nlp methodology
stroke sequence
languages correspond
ii formalism
beijing city
separate subtasks
sentences paired
x matches
possible decompositions
presentation goal
approach removes
information changes
software engine
high tagging
fitted parsing
marked form
lab clean
initial guesses
pinyin string
conrmation requests
random generator
contextual trees
throug h
semantic generality
positive entries
another perspective
massive ambiguity
cornish words
defined path
cover exactly
1996 association
particular choice
following ingredients
performs disambiguation
identical names
brandeis verb
vtr np2
miyazaki et
syntactic alternation
decomposition tree
given tag
user knowing
les concepts
parser uses
cannot recover
let ti
use machine
main challenges
including knowledge
large search
original utterances
work provides
reflect general
accuracy trade
trans formations
water filled
32 features
many person
task related
following factors
early stopping
key word
people might
set gives
french results
terms must
preliminary data
lemma variants
simple backoff
searchable lead
structure together
articles like
grammatical subordination
unsegmented chinese
processing begins
system attaches
solution using
integer linear
different aims
sections examine
data contains
spoken lecture
form matches
regular processing
table corresponds
simple ucfg
syntactic antecedent
top cell
grammatical realisation
combining text
three predicates
last vertex
across applications
deterministic features
sense often
optimized approaches
subset b
apply ripper
teaching nlp
question 2
either feature
ellison 1992
pilot implementation
alternating slots
node plus
toy examples
file cards
trec definition
occurring discourses
engine two
given order
time tag
applied rules
full explanation
marked entity
focusing cycle
remaining capacity
sgml markers
model estimating
direct contrast
fission module
improvements could
language differences
june 1
change indicators
referring graph
model provides
text belongs
associated arguments
1 correspond
syn03 corpus
tv set
strict domination
pair q
factoid annotation
undirected graphical
useful properties
historical linguistics
gaussian density
selecting word
individual sets
skolem constant
dynamic bottom
grapheme mappings
stylistic variant
alignment tasks
control agreement
shu kizhu
realistic texts
markable handles
quality information
retrieval tools
word strings
large development
motion events
plan preconditions
alignments used
asking questions
restrictive modifier
25 sentences
combined results
objects exist
dont l
jerry hobbs
final vowels
context sensitive
3990 sentences
specific distribution
hence require
requirements analysis
open challenge
structured representation
set constitutes
small advantage
event b
pathological cases
relationship types
sentences matched
takes place
definition 12
effective reference
potential distractor
genitive case
attribute information
questions based
unified score
pattern grammar
75 bits
incremental translation
step closer
pronominal binding
equivalent representations
possessive determiners
dom framework
dynamic model
english newswire
rewrite p
time restriction
system effectively
sites submitted
close neighbors
simplified notation
default tfss
spoken discourse
argument combinations
conventional cdg
parsing level
semantic group
tense domain
move fighter
adverbial noun
7 definition
unit rather
mutual dependency
null age
speech perception
sixth column
environment used
entire dialogue
incomplete treatment
cased text
researchers must
training portion
timit sentences
application purposes
running multiple
discourse anaphora
low training
rule specifies
virga et
differing numbers
turn length
position position
similar property
single xml
user dialogues
sentence language
differential grammars
sets forth
large arabic
np daughter
english subject
daughter edges
lopez de
occurrence measures
gene symbols
cut elimination
pairs considered
researchers developing
block bigram
minor predicates
tags could
server application
content information
single constraint
tsou et
children x
default assignments
historical database
antecedent attribute
da type
larger densities
core analysis
right thing
former approaches
initial sub
disambiguated instances
blank spaces
system display
sentences constitute
landauer et
differences found
unified account
roventini et
softtfidf similarity
biological sequences
intonation centre
essay prompt
text relationship
measure noun
complex response
boys want
word pos
detailed representation
dominance edges
preferential semantics
feature test
give misleading
matching approaches
scientific committee
numerical variation
automatically produces
ways people
forces behind
generation since
active relative
approach faces
heuristics could
limited evaluation
fixed limit
2 contains
different subcategorizations
anchor cues
linguistic representation
schiller et
see discussion
neighbouring words
briefly summarized
program running
transformations using
translational equivalents
le second
many training
automated dialogue
sized window
completion phase
erent types
best similarity
variable width
markedness constraints
spasic et
look inside
propose algorithms
creation module
lingo redwoods
selects appropriate
paper develops
project since
places stress
military aircraft
3 therefore
existing annotations
delimited noun
moore 1981
common area
empty lists
efficient bottom
units onto
meaningful scores
linguistic mechanism
rappaport hovav
alembic system
resulting decision
additional issues
wide margin
constraints listed
lexicon growth
connecting flights
consuming procedure
semantic field
one method
correct utterances
mismatch resolution
definite quantifiers
object structure
view syntactic
2 level
semantic interconnection
text typed
rather vague
integrated text
propbank corpus
scope constraints
like conjunctions
languages include
position x
right type
certain phrases
function pg
antecedent types
instances would
combined resources
translation without
kernel noun
test prediction
block reordering
input specifications
multiple rounds
multiple judgments
summary cannot
tile noun
trigram features
without position
subsequent levels
taxonomic lattice
produces syntactic
multicomponent set
semantic notion
block a0
higher chance
explanation could
discuss future
parallel parsing
pronounced words
whole chunk
big car
abstract concepts
focus domains
particular conclusion
accurate output
systems generate
large discrepancy
efficient model
downloaded documents
performance computing
nissim knowledge
en relief
across research
standard size
grammatical objects
entity name
total time
sites within
one learning
c indicates
domination relationships
double line
unambiguous verbs
produced result
negative literals
conventional metonymy
although attempts
bilingual models
learning time
little insight
international chinese
valuable tools
defined list
automatic mechanism
collecting information
projective parser
briefly mentioned
voice inputs
assign weights
strategies learned
event occurred
correct language
compatibles avec
presently contains
allows tbr
cases classified
formal tools
similar tree
conceptual organization
event times
preference p
procedures would
es en
phrase chunker
phonological models
comp position
refinement based
good opportunity
possible sequences
additional descriptive
parameters whose
generate k
use chunk
constraint solver
model h
dentro de
approximate evaluation
sentence whose
devices used
two output
terminal items
three children
new expressions
two images
japanese end
expected entropy
physical sense
feel like
distinct items
experiment compared
threshold scheme
small chinese
basic hmm
advanced systems
text acquisition
several models
constituent alignments
loaded verbs
shorter words
phrasal grammars
tipster detection
inquiry dialogue
made keys
language summariser
syntactic potential
annotator assigns
5 show
constraint ph
detailed study
ambiguity must
utilizing information
word means
limited value
strong language
display results
msword summarizer
context depends
contracts n00014
compositional way
different entries
mdp approach
common usage
1 include
extracted protein
positive sentiments
original queries
possible approaches
reasonable approximation
airline reservation
specialized expressions
appropriate conceptual
existing works
state component
selected passages
jj adjective
bitext mapping
graph consists
implicit connective
user searches
potential foci
computer based
better subword
question template
state sentences
selected nouns
potential translation
performance problem
data retrieved
whose existence
given observations
aone et
scoring guides
original relation
potential path
axioms relating
b may
rapid match
une arborescence
good source
create patterns
task appear
significant cost
synonymy classes
modifier lists
bigram match
qa task
transfer mechanism
auxiliary information
linguistic design
checking agreement
local networks
terminal repeat
b first
simple shift
annotated penn
matrix entry
reduce user
several trials
hit counts
necessary semantic
surprising finding
1988 bonnie
four specific
comments regarding
several selection
alignment blocks
present implementation
streaming news
geographical areas
ppl results
conversational syntax
four books
branching factors
final rise
example application
comparison revealed
long trip
subj val
observed features
define state
exhibit several
prepared training
rocky mountains
construct must
using user
items available
10 mb
annual reports
3 miles
dependent coreference
incorporates linguistic
two capabilities
based treatment
fusion module
new cs
others might
unaligned elements
dictionary could
verbs share
sources including
predicative adjunction
new factor
theoretic co
cannot improve
formed object
1000 instances
j values
n must
second objective
consecutive phrases
book corpus
predicted pitch
minimization principle
speaker variability
object thus
parser creates
communication process
procedure reduces
lexical part
two split
early approaches
resulting pair
informative sentences
3 give
bonnie j
information categories
semantic cohesion
become bound
text queries
principled framework
edge extending
variable model
clausal constructions
des descriptions
uses 4
owczarek nizinny
linguistics also
three subsequent
improving recall
fundamental question
odd metonymies
known language
search page
principal tie
6 cases
result relation
conjunction w
preprocessor dictionary
book approach
tag images
speakers attempt
indexed grammar
classification output
documents show
four sample
state predicates
letter bigrams
signs corresponding
function trees
title words
ic l
bearing lexemes
acquire information
simple illustration
simultaneously achieves
perpetrator slot
tags indicate
precision due
space r
becomes extremely
syntactic congruence
realistic model
tenir debout
one phonological
nontermination problem
pattern instead
linear svm
vocal interface
true bleu
cyclic graph
computational capabilities
lambek categorial
boundary locus
lrc experiment
hpsg sign
pattern dictionaries
like document
thus correspond
term term
user wants
audio files
recent trends
valid values
5th analyst
additional term
dialectal differences
complex description
verbnet frames
propositions concerning
different example
gender class
dummy subject
possible preference
extraction components
nerbonne et
distance reflexive
identical phrase
jiang zemin
word tends
art syntactic
builds semantic
good human
second proposal
using transcripts
contain three
repetition detection
irrelevant translations
structural consistency
flight plan
score exceeds
investigates methods
first operator
particular test
contextual relations
syntactic adjunct
prosodic modeling
deterministic parsers
sampling results
similar meaning
include maximum
different model
little guidance
ambiguous patterns
basic insight
introduced errors
burnt hamburger
backend access
ovis corpus
outgoing edges
nominal attributes
hidden variables
admiral deploy
contextual considerations
2004 version
murata et
e representing
feature table
recovery procedures
thus reflect
overall recall
modern information
score estimate
reference component
several novel
expected loss
supervised framework
determining segmentation
translate literally
last expression
pcfg assigns
dominating node
corpus entropy
rightmost child
smoothed maximum
lexical taxonomy
temporal organization
index field
reference sentences
dcg parser
one relies
general practice
message generator
dimensions may
system misrecognitions
ternary relation
atomic information
general ne
default word
component responsible
varies along
method explained
use matrix
similar spelling
current words
mechanism within
happens next
feature clause
generate 3
behaviour may
accurate patterns
recall went
many parses
centronics printer
translation schema
precise terms
steedman 1987
combining data
compares quite
complete name
rules perform
proximity equation
trees provided
nonlinguistic context
e grammars
expect systems
rule v
data translation
atomic consequences
pruned parses
message entropy
semantic fields
naval operations
time significantly
optimized feature
primary objectives
facilities offered
recursive nonterminals
unsupervised component
edges result
world environments
vectors could
specific document
appropriate vehicle
associated templates
type using
verbnet classes
whose constituent
parsing incomplete
many countries
topic boundaries
available languages
modern work
relations obtained
restricted choice
structure type
kwic index
modeling toolkit
machine extraction
incomplete tree
number depends
destination within
visual information
hold across
third line
life application
processing involving
pragmatic contexts
expected correlation
galley et
challenging tasks
particular proof
existing ir
functions along
potential referents
bytes per
two patterns
focus units
ontology structure
contextual descriptors
lexical changes
examination revealed
correct relation
word value
differences emerge
5 depends
language would
therefore reduces
different media
discourse coherent
potential boundary
free variation
theoretical reasons
speaker holds
becomes clearer
process succeeds
complex constructions
removing incorrect
path consisting
three items
inferred result
cannot bind
te spreken
pronoun may
linear probability
procedure ch
explanatory texts
links connected
ej parser
anaphoric processes
expression results
simply involves
certain source
nihon keizai
lower score
crg systems
various tree
translation bureau
vowel rules
several target
describing objects
eliminate inconsistent
best plan
child processes
phone n
construction list
advice generation
corresponding structures
directly address
iconographic senses
lower frame
tipster test
walter thompson
time parsing
assignment features
dependent derivation
including tile
four clauses
document name
holj domain
var klar
10 blocks
also encodes
group would
tile presence
use semantics
parsing path
assignment also
unit alignment
alvey grammar
input sets
particular flight
rater system
another template
alphabetized concordances
linear segmentation
extended context
document plans
additional complication
corpus gathered
spoken interaction
term must
addition net
substantial performance
heterogeneous features
third elements
rule seems
experimental run
show later
relation similarity
literal referent
disambiguate sentence
principle components
object pronouns
first approaches
links back
subsumption process
expansion terms
traditional chinese
lambda expression
authors point
tree geometry
salient candidate
individual lemmas
classes form
paragraphs using
better recall
individual training
take n
que tu
one particular
end end
provided advice
layer weights
new random
representative selection
bar association
distinguishing graph
atomic fs
health professional
feature labeled
noun n
default exchange
simple translation
n leaves
algorithm terminates
asymptotic behavior
key question
examples 1
carry semantic
syntactic processing
true paraphrases
60 words
oz experiments
general property
ground instance
qui composent
attachment algorithm
sur l
simple path
tile start
lexicalised grammar
positive exemplars
poster au
communicative aspects
two representations
long training
mountain avenue
level unification
software consists
words iu
like database
belief value
correctly labels
simple maximum
lexical analyser
former feature
effect would
person days
successful attempt
event mentions
input described
lsa based
ne pouvons
given world
online corpora
number disagreement
linguistic areas
bill needs
tm system
homogeneous corpus
terms considered
prior probabilities
certain propositions
twenty times
matching feature
produce linguistic
final discourse
de tonnes
latter section
preliminary labels
latter provides
likelihood probability
start clusters
independent tasks
immediate parents
give one
moves may
also expresses
translation applications
describes tile
telegraphic input
confirmation mode
2 translation
lowest overall
instantiated concept
related observations
phrases x
1 h
context alone
tag patterns
linguistic society
english expression
pairs mentioned
better computational
path variables
9 clusters
semantical relations
four references
model 6
redundant edges
similar vocabulary
rule node
system extracted
merging heuristics
nominalized word
speech synthesiser
primary occurrences
final complete
link method
system classifies
human perceptual
known relation
knn ensemble
surface clues
partially explains
dictionaries like
automatically marks
via user
laborious process
word implies
distributions could
resulting segments
traditional drt
sl sentences
terminal type
differences may
pierrehumbert 1986
theoretical point
japanese test
coverage pruning
admissible solutions
location feature
c hierarchy
slot indicates
software architecture
works without
process several
indexing procedure
following parts
conjoined np
first review
work fairly
negative inference
cost less
h 1
distinct type
ask human
wells fargo
au mot
higher score
200 abstracts
adjunct rules
wpdv model
argument labels
specific database
assistance program
december 1990
tag portion
gamon et
25 pairs
oracle accuracy
grammars g1
contain various
topological order
participants received
ii existe
rst row
meaning shifts
please wait
word processor
subsumes e
produce satisfactory
savoir si
markers according
let r
good estimates
let di
les plus
different question
evaluations using
n play
tibetan culture
nuclear energy
bp 53
np w
parallel algorithm
level k
linguistic materials
portobello street
whe n
mention boundaries
domain word
david israel
supervised training
wordnet lexicographers
higher node
biological abstracts
combines lexical
making keys
point mutation
whose information
complex events
directions within
text relative
underlying message
five points
denoting predicate
consider relations
logical variable
abstract noun
action p
width 10
quantitative approaches
straightforward generalization
daily lives
ungrammatical examples
obtain p
relations corresponds
naacl workshop
also tell
content bearing
system evaluation
difficulties inherent
requested act
crime movies
typical session
robust shallow
enormous task
constraints makes
dozen words
metal project
processing resources
values range
categories 1
human resource
semantics information
pivot approach
used rules
also divide
interpolation methods
leaving boston
specific principles
contextual behavior
linguistic dependencies
new interface
canary islands
database schema
constituent n
problem one
original labels
predicate complement
prosodic break
trust john
computer word
composite semi
offers interesting
nodes get
features using
last query
later paper
things go
another operation
scale well
false friend
two concepts
grants nos
additional texts
bounded variation
attachment ambiguities
nc value
delphi grammar
use detailed
tim number
reliable alignment
field indicates
est n
system incorporating
based tree
operations defined
presentation formats
difficult sub
system tends
novel texts
word set
section introduces
clauses share
morning star
incomplete tagged
software package
possible feature
particular clause
20 items
xml dtd
telegraphic ellipsis
fragments used
semantic base
preconf a19
absolute position
includes multiple
word versus
text selection
per evaluation
object cliticization
influence lexical
working top
numerous errors
robert gaizauskas
differs significantly
work well
jim smith
washington report
dragon systems
single dependency
relative location
semantics work
focus phrase
0cve standard
distinguishes among
property inheritance
score depends
sphinx recognition
class ambiguity
text semantic
human scorers
certain sentences
motivated approach
three taggers
noisy documents
name attribute
best attribute
two dialogues
channel model
knowledge support
data file
segmentation could
default model
previous input
predicative np
successful match
source articles
news reports
2005 workshop
used fox
ensemble systems
analysis leads
vector negation
higher frequencies
much finer
bilingual alignments
mr body
effort also
directional case
bare ellipsis
fixed k
repair work
scne recognition
sets selected
configuration options
word fragment
two aspects
rule states
scf set
combined text
rare phenomenon
1 whereas
agreement relations
specification yields
system scored
conclusion space
list 1
time efficient
channarukul et
makes assumptions
verbal metonymy
tree cannot
boy washed
coreference data
constraints might
syntactic process
yield slightly
performances achieved
deep parsers
verb support
class variable
roles cannot
ph corpus
decision variable
year graduate
japanese subordinate
text labels
present paul
al theory
object verbs
combines automatic
problem reduces
density features
possible factors
lexical form
salient ones
model well
model represented
southeast asia
criterion 5
restrictive planning
become candidate
bare np
successor set
believe make
2 people
proximity features
translation research
analysis could
estimating parameters
process iterates
answer per
current methods
verbal lemmas
driven word
computerized version
linguistic code
null japanese
early examples
resulting increase
rise r
tags output
one choice
belief set
tile reader
based evidence
english alignment
base theory
scores showed
john entered
pascale fung
values computed
subjective expressions
katie laid
bill took
participant systems
shorter sequences
c programming
particular derivation
ou r
lexicalized grammars
word system
subsequent developments
text may
type application
simple list
effort involved
composition algorithm
verbal endings
central element
dependency node
examples abound
computational aspects
sentences precision
path specifying
name types
prosody analysis
content vs
fact often
sophisticated dialogue
order language
candi subjnp
third class
subword unit
a6 a6
multiple spaces
technique performs
stationary distribution
standard transcriptions
overgeneration score
meaning procedure
first collect
posterior part
various tag
often coincide
cardinality pruning
syllable nucleus
input statements
towards information
gender masculine
best techniques
saggion et
second proposed
original passages
realization systems
special usage
path types
individual parses
best weights
synonym resolution
cawsey et
landscape model
basic resource
single instances
second phase
original target
complex phenomenon
instantiated arguments
k negationslash
guerrilla warfare
larger collections
unanalyzed words
a0 c
natural tendency
n phrases
certain possibilities
subeat list
adjunct slot
database applications
encyclopedia text
attachment function
version used
path weights
american plane
sno w
length feature
routing process
positive politeness
user confirms
frees us
tagging involves
adverbial suffix
true category
intensive methods
hh dialogues
one end
systematic semantic
user simulations
restriction imposed
dictated document
students used
process edp
actual code
changes affecting
expressions denote
normalized name
kind shown
pku corpora
similar observations
condition k
hybrid transfer
high vowels
linguistic investigations
expansion based
text editors
price et
agreement might
form tokens
nite article
significant amounts
xerox 1186
lexical categories
transformation step
defined classes
state pairs
level 3
greater contribution
150 documents
english query
second action
syntactic matching
relevant object
weak dominance
rule deletes
observation model
pumpkin straight
lexical trees
cost may
instantaneous description
additional entries
recent analysis
preceding ones
potential values
restricting logic
organize information
deterministic goals
systems remains
multiple documents
based meaning
bit streams
discourse theory
cognitive errors
generate c
morphological processors
analysis identifies
syntactic viewpoint
test sequence
fifth word
hypotheses considered
qualify acts
consecutive sentences
weight setting
use computer
print head
model statistics
pdn corpus
developed technology
e analysis
6 indicates
also correspond
previous np
place restrictions
r times
markov grammar
beyond syntax
text passages
syn form
several choices
verb corresponds
new intermediate
scoring theory
rule occurrences
state predicate
segmentation heuristic
output data
4 implementation
annotated information
known models
numerical method
au domaine
inflectional category
study two
bbn data
oilier words
based spelling
mother vp
given algorithm
whose sole
sequences rather
start symbols
chart 1
responses scored
grammatical attribute
relations proposed
best division
way round
source segment
la 2
null pronominal
empty context
automatic morphology
geographical names
disappointing performance
whose position
sentences written
newsgroup postings
word brown
corpus reveals
vertical knowledge
ah n
something happened
nouns plus
manual revision
simple concatenation
three rates
nc set
human rankings
wise et
following instructions
methods called
cannot discover
language reuse
mid l
word words
rules serve
thus h
focused entities
parallel function
discourse purposes
structure imposes
3 means
guide structure
dp search
la place
translations appear
muc competitions
unseen contexts
space reduction
combining association
good fortune
corpus c
single substitution
image classification
german tutor
occur zero
restrictions upon
merialdo 1991
competing structures
check operation
estimate pr
becomes equal
weight depending
gale 1991
museum objects
conjugation forms
decay functions
lone preposition
national de
expression stands
wip project
testing methods
psychological grounds
encoded version
choose freely
time algorithm
spatial predications
first feature
explanation capabilities
changes would
italicized portion
destructive unification
label tagging
evaluation since
filter may
add xi
domain model
lower case
control part
subject category
major translation
negative effects
evaluation metrics
optimization approach
definitions 3
division semirings
lexsys grammar
l 0
phrase definitions
parser scans
others must
produce textual
recognition level
northern light
ceux de
potential conflict
geological formation
several subjects
grammatical types
corpus needs
associated derivation
capture syntactic
among coders
pairwise free
unl graphs
8 questions
generic explanation
august 1993
x phrase
philippine languages
sense vectors
grounding acts
species names
interaction keyword
session consisted
separate training
general tag
phenomena listed
menu window
mtv study
a8a34a20 a4
lexieal items
every form
processing nodes
input training
web users
accuracy also
whatever reasons
per processor
computer model
par suite
closest matches
whose x
shoe department
coder agreement
additional post
oriented version
explicit surface
null traction
analysis revealed
word syntax
nobody would
term phrases
extracted events
magnetic tape
le raisonnement
bad idea
stopword lists
mt process
following hierarchy
accompanying set
semantic material
level correlation
navy ships
current topics
fresh starts
conditions described
sophisticated reasoning
human coders
transformational grammarians
topic tree
current approaches
ainsi qu
spectral mapping
conversion algorithm
system confirmation
transformation process
pascal recognizing
additional model
modifier relationships
tree domain
database research
13 words
similar parsing
social role
different morphemes
psychological research
player application
goals without
resulting finite
system versus
geometric level
true number
critical rule
information state
type symbol
represent particular
juang 1986
indicating verbs
phrasal segments
alternatives offered
chrysler building
a0 a6
based nature
second grade
strings appearing
chunk coverage
argumental position
3 evaluation
predicted state
biggest improvement
concept given
surface pronunciations
following coding
results encourage
oa constraints
natural measure
feb89 test
general vocabulary
using lemma
modifier context
asahara et
baseline scores
plan actions
one underlying
clark 1977
manual judgment
algorithms identify
given bi
following modules
meta data
four constraints
french language
third steps
node label
contextual conditions
argument si
bracketing recall
driven bottom
computation associated
accuracy across
multiple tagging
ambiguity source
prosecutor propelled
order relation
ranking problems
interactive nature
terms mentioned
per set
aligned set
condition 3
score alone
binary label
algorithm avoids
generalization capabilities
ten hacken
one graph
negated sentence
visual representations
prosodic types
chain elements
amanda huggenkiss
distribution shown
unification approach
promote research
signal transduction
translation databases
many solutions
2 specifies
domains usually
independent method
salient entity
cat n
significant way
null gories
subjectivity labels
naive semantic
previous mapping
net earnings
good measures
named organization
value defined
dataset 1
2 hours
given languages
discriminative modeling
forms map
ty2 terms
evaluating segmentation
circles represent
ontology description
single antecedent
completed np
intensive approaches
explicit theory
dolor por
consensus among
detailed comparative
record data
learning transfer
tree automata
fulfil certain
six weeks
already bound
pattern containing
correctly disambiguates
work top
models involving
based interfaces
corpus allows
mentioned entities
alignment positions
integrated models
qlf semantics
concept matrix
driven model
keying sequence
null ment
minor improvement
lexicai entries
parameters w
work also
air chamber
containing samples
link arguments
rate adverb
parsers like
w word
ambiguous noun
sentence w
good amount
conduct experiments
constructing context
unique tree
relation attribute
constitutes one
independent learning
temporal adverb
gathering information
per fragment
phrases attached
system system
hypernym relationships
us stress
entropy toolkit
cognitive weaknesses
tagger error
readable texts
information assurance
conceptual associations
x makes
new job
afternoon flights
existing path
limited access
based modifier
alternate approaches
constructed queries
previous predictions
difficult research
vector composed
refined algorithm
observation motivates
knn method
see section
decision net
pa0 sm
rayson et
b n
video file
redundant copying
contain natural
person may
unfolding tree
hand word
000 root
overt expression
recording conditions
given product
stack cell
helpee wants
vso order
r documents
predictive accuracy
dekai wu
n source
idf weights
continued investigation
selectional restrictions
person first
dependencies directly
dictionary consulting
summaries could
omission key
simple values
form relations
eugenio 1998
identification errors
generator module
model features
proposition 12
annotated citations
components developed
combine semantic
vers l
theory says
prone rules
english possessive
printed circuit
test task
median number
annotation standards
model also
lp rule
fastus system
work involved
syntactic apparatus
one theme
facile project
usual n
verb phase
sentences rather
per system
lexical productions
common description
sentences john
successful termination
instantaneous events
work across
different operating
r two
many things
alias recognition
use hand
form makes
proposed technique
fsa utilities
important dimensions
represent arguments
stepper intended
many questions
receiving actor
ss tree
results also
component performance
comparable algorithms
therapeutic discourse
enforcing label
solution depends
relation types
simple lookup
suggest using
models results
suggested word
relative concept
unit permutations
evaluation data
lf variables
cfg go
candidate corresponds
systematic fashion
main change
case studies
models introduced
principle one
tag immediately
biological terms
equations 2
experimental research
training module
first summation
peter shaved
constraints based
potential classes
together researchers
theta grid
previous rules
chinese ideograms
statistical reliability
summarized text
output generated
nearest training
concept corresponding
candidate interpretation
precise word
method assumes
highest level
phrase np
text zoner
economic growth
perform ner
constrain speech
distinguished value
computational mechanisms
summarization would
boolean description
description f
complex discourse
little money
simple three
perceptron hmm
correlation statistics
official scoring
index sizes
model across
corpus took
communicative purpose
authors found
scientific journal
web anchor
familiar examples
process enables
tile default
zero morpheme
domain question
values based
simulation system
basic strings
upper layer
acquiring verb
willems et
head grammars
potential object
network processing
three reference
utterance word
nodes given
detection method
conflict among
restriction pattern
f1 performance
several n
one test
insensitive corpus
experiments also
results across
subcategorization rules
class w
english hansard
new vocabularies
analyze word
risk minimization
applications make
kb entries
prep feature
straight links
searches using
3 percent
event verbs
propose consists
top value
queries tend
system implementing
cooperative participant
entire nucleus
aligning process
markable id
reasoning procedure
level contextual
task chosen
graphemic domain
former indicates
index 1
relative influence
50 training
single genre
intersentential relations
answer produced
simple conflict
arbitrary segment
system words
empty pronoun
identi cation
drove home
recent experience
form might
gidlp parser
example surface
uninterrupted collocation
example extraction
usable results
different cross
parsin g
three distinct
achieve agreement
type 0
processing text
quantifier structures
pierre plamondon
selection expression
ti test
close neighbours
contains pos
also section
sug grammar
native script
client machine
together instances
measures obtained
relevance maxim
eat plants
subtle differences
parser capable
functional evaluation
diachronic phonology
arc r
incomplete parsing
slot word
intransitive use
produce non
additional question
del rey
atomic string
sentence kim
v compounds
class elements
variants may
cost metric
7 task
baseline 52
indexing strategy
fact situation
timex2 annotation
8 features
experiments involved
produce improvements
de base
three planes
function uses
inference component
matching parts
node points
reordering graph
ancillary companies
different derivatives
including errors
good document
abstraction rule
free learning
verbnet lexicon
55 words
coach class
paraphrase extraction
tag noun
treebank set
class preferences
bilingual constituents
monolingual signs
per words
aligned words
abstract specification
1300 z
weaker condition
estimated value
lsa model
numerical ranking
statistical method
phrase tags
stated belief
3 implies
un trait
little contribution
target ambiguous
clear separation
full test
sentence outside
problematic constructions
home pages
yomiuri newspapers
spanish language
perform adequately
phonological constituents
unde r
conversion function
certain amount
valid argument
different distribution
following noun
relative ranking
dale et
phonetic segment
master studies
interpreter could
related situations
analytic function
level c
associative similarity
various hypotheses
improving precision
data les
15 times
et sur
alignment given
novelty track
trigram context
corpus appears
difference arises
competing theories
hmm using
term source
weidner system
important point
see h
port disk
yoshida et
single abstract
205 features
input sequence
several constituents
extract descriptions
centralized data
generally display
elementary structure
al 1998
one flight
internal evaluation
underlying pronunciation
significance test
capturing generalizations
statistical learning
proposal evaluation
spontaneous data
order freeness
new mt
inputs include
explicit probabilistic
direct representation
explanation capability
word access
positives among
consecutive nps
cooperative dialogues
either generate
relations representing
syntactical category
particular ie
infinite regress
insertion algorithm
translation loss
semantic tools
story progress
political support
algorithms significantly
ls structure
integrating speech
message appears
anaphora rules
tandy trs
specific scenarios
completely ignores
first performs
progressive indicator
orthographic rule
data seems
c module
transition rules
sortal constraints
order models
called finite
forms two
verbs need
elman network
ancient chinese
metonymic interpretation
focus based
word unigram
acl data
revision strategies
corresponding sentence
basic parser
initial observation
best performing
universal rule
method still
john picked
new peg
construct sentences
lay readers
feature usage
parse forest
relevant case
backbone grammar
queries made
target verbs
similarity computed
argumentative analysis
true iff
thousand entries
simple frames
valency principle
word levels
target tense
explanation dialogues
assigning types
many versions
phrase mapping
trec 6
overall precision
exploit existing
classify method
formation de
estimates given
grover et
n sentences
adjectival subcategorization
successful implementation
heuristic solution
topic introduction
component meanings
investment corp
ricerca scientifica
prosodic means
particular result
grammar inferred
new pieces
network derived
incorrect output
human evaluation
case rhetorical
patterns collected
data object
contains 50
3 set
related languages
assigning weights
passing information
syllable boundaries
unknown english
nominal references
generalized composition
operate independently
pairwise agreement
support environment
temporal points
postnominal prepositional
anaphoric entity
process repeats
lexicon extraction
regression testing
either noun
perceptual representations
state calculus
ce sont
observe whether
frequency trigrams
function defined
performance varied
hermann ney
performance phenomena
e one
segmentation position
electronic devices
key element
requires data
sloppy readings
identity condition
experiments produced
turn planning
sequence elements
one incident
result gives
documents belonging
preliminary empirical
possible parts
additional propositions
link detection
one superordinate
feature spaces
data frame
users also
loanword formation
secondary edges
order selection
syntactic views
argument status
understanding applications
sample run
prepositional concepts
human intelligence
segmentation output
questions concern
modules typically
applications related
tokenization scheme
reduced unigrams
microsoft excel
probabilistic network
term human
12 speakers
pos tagging
unique tag
prior mention
linguistic tokens
various papers
distinguishes different
hoc character
one device
additional human
helpful input
cluster centroids
empty constituent
common scenario
concept defined
ic score
generalization capability
antecedent candidates
allow identification
graphical languages
scoring key
little value
set constraints
distinct advantages
cannot account
utterance event
corresponding l1
common language
predictive cluster
ldb entries
average distortion
stimulus word
also h
se compose
analysis output
relevant argument
level allows
current feature
resulting rule
sem mis
space grammar
secondary microphone
top set
like articles
accuracy gains
low frequencies
transduction model
sort symbols
exclusive category
18 labels
generic concept
latter problem
units based
algorithm recognizes
0 dataset
document instance
cannot combine
compound formulas
likely language
unique among
evidence relevant
following event
hidden representation
general parsing
lexicon theory
corrective response
phrase marked
estimate probability
linguistic intentions
transfer units
mature enough
null gram
conjunctional string
word sequences
3 system
tying procedure
nodes remain
1000 times
simple object
communication verbs
similar algorithm
remaining ambiguities
handling capabilities
theoretical validity
complete explanation
undischarged assumption
early parts
phrase rules
word related
features 0
strong generative
oriented texts
graphical interpretation
dasgupta et
bird flies
output labels
order may
learnt dialogue
rule descriptions
level 10
matching capability
best average
people really
a8 a1
max link
selected destination
remaining languages
consecutive paragraphs
whose string
per role
news reporting
problem arose
precise model
induce word
ontology whose
related function
simple frame
uses english
root nodes
corpus coordinating
second limitation
ultra sparc
methods currently
similar proposal
agreement must
modal sentences
foreign language
pattern part
multiplicative weight
definition sentence
pairs used
bei er
deng et
context management
first defines
head components
disk accesses
use symbols
interactive parsing
correlation across
readers might
annotation schema
applies semantic
richer structure
stories taken
word directly
stated goal
su et
basic evaluation
one clause
fem dictionary
corresponding interpretations
xml files
work draws
woz simulation
phrases nominales
mention tag
6 word
particular area
compounds consisting
random subsampling
reliable cues
node skips
lexical approach
schema would
always correlate
labs research
uncertainty correlation
confusion word
level stochastic
quick start
evaluation less
phonemic sets
recognizer assigns
xiang jiao
inner participants
analysis capabilities
love x
modifying relations
third generation
dimensional syllable
12 minutes
2 score
ambiguities using
dutch text
much flexibility
recall drops
maximum amount
class attributes
task hierarchy
medical ontology
assignment requires
expression language
axioms e
tr set
atis nl
program could
original n
15 documents
programming algorithms
top system
primitives may
simple account
differential coefficients
ready access
verbs like
altavista model
reuters 21578
discrimination network
method b
incremental themes
modifier constituent
block a6a20a39
monolingual bootstrapping
cannot precede
like time
predicate v
precision classifiers
structural descriptor
another section
end systems
usage rate
standardized form
thai words
syntactic chunker
generating pronouns
get resolved
evaluated systems
closed tasks
articulation trees
adequate computational
like speech
style jewels
language material
derivations like
test questions
selection error
pages per
variable instantiation
implicational fragment
actual reading
model draws
full table
transfer stage
reduction decisions
heuristics developed
small evaluation
presentation forms
p j
given dialog
steps involve
regular adjunction
general world
expansion model
v element
partitioning methods
participants try
subjects respond
text functions
entity classifiers
grammar transduction
article shows
wysiwym system
measure points
bahl et
sentences differ
new domain
tokyo university
page 81
word identity
constraint application
specific grammar
common phenomenon
evaluations show
unification must
applies first
user feedback
share nodes
performances using
production constraints
chunk parsers
full clause
correct gender
system make
kh2 value
established senses
external structures
making capability
understanding research
significant challenges
dialogue managers
test statistics
instance p
highest translation
derivation would
contain descriptions
fine detail
domain lexical
indicates tile
difficulty involved
model worked
model gains
true mwes
fuer die
let a0
3 words
independent recognition
danish dependency
reasoning agent
late evening
korean translation
van deemter
partial meaning
existential np
desu ga
fills one
40 hours
trees correspond
precision gain
statistics collected
factual data
logical necessity
verb know
dependent structure
iso 9126
bipartite network
high complexity
nominal anaphoric
implicitly confirm
particular usage
complex interaction
testing examples
case schemata
features show
specific time
best representation
performance either
8 lists
tr system
software written
good desk
level synsets
counting frequencies
state according
system access
average compression
possibilities offered
fred likes
durant trois
working space
automatic phrase
advanced text
action moves
rule consists
al 1991
relation arc
simple transcription
words skipped
component 1
search strings
corpus shown
era 1982
segmentation patterns
great job
members cleaning
25 pages
feature tagging
normalization problem
first parts
cost functions
position 2
mainichi shinbun
validation procedure
asymmetric cluster
ou en
fake nonterminals
role analysis
combined models
global alignment
various verbal
elements need
course still
probability criterion
used heuristics
made evident
large language
available today
less interest
classifier assumes
background graph
greater role
ranking terms
rules determine
syntagmatic level
three advantages
path taken
order identi
grained classes
greater understanding
general definitions
expression whose
results extend
note thai
fifth character
tense vowel
distance factor
peking ducks
instantiated clause
discovered class
carl pollard
defined lexicon
fragments occur
parses per
variable r
superordinate category
match module
top words
small value
la parole
parser recovery
speech rather
traditional parser
surprising amount
denominal adjective
sequence class
functional system
slot partially
optional pattern
protasis proposition
experiment verbs
gibbon et
applications including
moderate size
government official
aspectual category
core meanings
three operations
way regular
services call
computer mail
error loss
backward n
inverse letters
described situations
constrain allowable
unigram matches
cognitive problem
logical steps
preceding chunk
svo tuples
black cat
public keys
linguistic relations
existing values
embedded vp
rules similar
chart walk
resolving reference
heuristic principle
executive staff
neg raising
internet counts
second analysis
linguistic considerations
predicate node
test inputs
valid linguistic
higher recall
let j
various modifications
different metonymic
000 web
objects onto
chat interaction
unit called
several facets
parsed words
speech programs
300 mhz
theory includes
left rule
2 states
tile resulting
case means
cn definitions
tm lm
programming states
factor 1
alternative algorithms
bilinear transformed
choice 2
journal texts
relevant properties
annotated string
word discovery
corpus contains
relattve clauses
following module
takei et
base size
target population
specified category
standard definitions
nominative case
maximum edge
collected documents
category description
exclusion rule
teaching award
motivated phrases
identify topics
cyclic sorts
direct matches
meaningless without
johnson et
fast retrieval
probability semiring
reduce transition
tc imperatives
corpora generally
internal system
word including
even information
seven iterations
inverted rules
experience gathered
message contains
synthesis component
entity associated
every state
corpus level
earlier steps
program control
automatically segment
actual relations
extract phrasal
pragmatic view
depth 2
act classification
maison et
e pt
avoid duplicating
product called
grammar composed
mufioz et
world application
extra time
production vp
higher computational
never expand
mr corpus
large numbers
linguistics could
evaluation may
object referent
similarity based
attachment decision
video frame
two traditions
restrictive grammars
finition de
response contributions
resulting non
use rich
sufficient evidence
style sentence
interesting case
four forms
possible hierarchy
generative operations
message level
cooccurrence patterns
processing projects
adjunct resolution
potential argument
past sentences
2 illustrates
search parser
following scoring
planner first
c p
answer co
rule package
bilingual parse
transducer described
purpose knowledge
automatic clustering
partial order
nb model
another environment
relevant descriptions
process ends
general planning
email conversations
exchange rate
ndseg fellowship
time around
sequence covering
software companies
gain greater
multiple layers
vector l
frames per
discourse boundaries
wordnet hypernym
includin g
grammatical representation
anaphora annotation
correction alternatives
specific senses
philip r
utilize information
word hierarchies
allowed analysts
amelie banks
3 role
000 sense
mtu models
chunked input
6 example
incident structure
eager learning
system approaches
push n
section four
les autres
three boxcars
local restrictions
approximate randomization
functional words
set shows
text scientific
considerable problems
term vector
transfer relations
comparisons across
involving verbs
single process
appropriate similarity
matra ccr
gain g
automatic tagger
whose links
without knowledge
speed vs
execution times
warren 1978
see mcdonald
weighted regular
unambiguous class
e group
subj slot
tagging ambiguities
simply list
among options
finite representation
measure progress
correct constituents
new collocations
combining functions
understand whether
top reranking
connected words
dbn models
cette mani
function fib
working context
members would
information dynamically
ordering rule
probability given
property c
infrequent features
listener looks
underspecified interpretation
object complexity
handling capability
grammar incorporates
unacceptable outputs
remains largely
systems created
help focus
framework using
counting occurrences
typographic features
clear examples
depth knowledge
better fits
29 cases
criteria presented
adjective synsets
free choice
sentence hypothesis
implementation may
also focus
mary buys
munoz et
test features
little study
parser gave
standard format
basic set
larger sets
negative count
test also
represent general
space formed
typical speech
perform equally
diverse systems
results returned
elements like
h k
classifying reviews
major classes
example assumes
segment count
pronominal expressions
la signification
15 persons
condition appears
important data
outgoing transition
among others
different database
chosen threshold
word newspaper
tree machine
names beginning
1 sg
prepositional noun
answering rules
quirk et
thank diana
perception tests
best distinguish
one ig
use accuracy
little brown
previous class
equation gives
form must
detecting opinions
process aims
general objective
indicator phrase
expert translators
individual frequencies
empty position
component gaussian
mean accuracy
special care
segment pairs
optimality constraints
probability matrix
weighted rational
200 word
ne category
software programs
extraction performance
priming occurs
prosodic representation
creole objects
sole source
noun concept
les points
greater levels
subsequent modules
second baseline
correspond one
two seed
expand rules
arc probabilities
strong belief
projet hippo
useful ideas
household products
cognitive psychological
consider phrases
features consisted
already knows
contradictory features
lvcsr models
communicative intention
double application
classi ers
slight modifications
1 occurrence
erent domains
accent models
specific basis
resolve anaphora
interpreting indirect
small set
states representing
human study
corresponding recognition
mechanisms employed
main structure
contexts like
binomial distributions
exponential complexity
appropriate contexts
coarticulation effects
chapter 1
time difference
entities would
promotion parameter
different principles
u vt
denoting expressions
phraser rules
vertices v
physical distance
specific guidelines
multiple events
subcategorization class
clauses like
every representative
solve time
600 words
final goal
powerful tool
stem features
link table
line systems
completely fails
reliability threshold
schabes 1997
receive messages
authors address
transfer might
question focus
based lilfes
one search
protein sequences
linguistic side
ashburner et
language without
reasonable criteria
ananiadou 1996
computational challenge
chan et
assignment could
linking type
dimensional input
unannotated parse
yoru nomi
hard time
relative rarity
dialogues often
different parallel
letter suffixes
phase also
based algorithm
semantic plausibility
unbounded dependencies
improve mt
basic system
quality knowledge
entity arguments
class probability
type alone
present sentence
temporal synchrony
supporter links
topics mentioned
unconditional distribution
software manual
40 frames
n pairs
preprocessing schemes
retrieval services
law firms
small fragment
taxonomic names
extracted hypernym
achieves competitive
coverage must
internal syntax
reduction problem
present setting
terms used
three chunks
simple ordering
week prior
actual corpus
competing interpretations
engineering applications
ha et
correct hypothesis
statements without
dutch data
worst test
restricting attention
invalid spans
adjective modifying
produced summaries
7 features
bmm problem
deprel tag
user points
process word
linguistic behavior
triple frequencies
six annotators
start predicate
extracting loanwords
independent parameters
speech rate
obvious case
probability corresponding
horrocks et
towards small
many employees
remaining details
examples 3
property allows
truth assignment
complex attributes
location noun
offer significant
general tags
special language
tt may
word final
les entourages
sam said
expected translation
preposition usage
2416 sentences
describe knowledge
a5 a7
forward inferences
one development
following url
small system
existing classes
different filter
bracketing precision
attitude context
derivation rule
knowledge analysis
context evidence
alignments containing
conversation layer
edge information
bilingual story
work space
strong hypothesis
careful mode
referent specification
represent multiple
several innovations
learning bias
physical law
event takes
special relationship
2 vi
continuous data
transcription points
initial rt
result concerns
intuitive point
system call
2 case
preposition triples
karaka relation
accented pronominals
voice control
brother node
problem 1
2 lnl
trigram information
overall rate
enable annotators
spatial relationship
plans produced
restricted area
steps could
item graphs
voice feature
lexical collocation
properties discussed
johnson 1980
referred entity
annotations could
whether subjects
qui n
authors independently
linguistic comparisons
handle simple
texts used
following mappings
scenario descriptions
functional role
decisions involved
verb analysis
kakkonen et
daughter c
go annotation
similarity measured
robert e
much value
schendl 2001
parenthesis notation
decisions across
homophone errors
last definition
ensemble al
several basic
w p
3 levels
estimation task
session boundaries
practical means
actual behavior
hydrophobic effect
across training
name candidates
following suffix
best candidates
either explicit
structural description
new sentence
given degree
extended string
introductory computational
motivated source
simple argument
stylistic errors
language game
extracts keywords
factored grammar
two css
standard tags
model space
contain textual
valid rule
ranked analysis
generated key
domain element
four head
system including
subjective assessment
romanji characters
researchers used
ivan sag
frame given
tags start
polynomial approximation
useful query
training partition
systematic variation
occurs check
h 3
focus model
using evidence
contiguous span
fragmentary sentences
4 tasks
compute whether
many entities
case implies
adverbial pps
relative positioning
two circles
identified clusters
2 g
inner trees
6 scoring
task duration
online mt
basic words
family resemblance
raised subject
string recognition
alignments cannot
time limitation
based bi
wy given
subsequent word
sequence probability
sentences number
personal names
reasonable training
hi figure
use hybrid
perform task
relationship extractor
jmp nmp
expected counts
level contains
giving directions
associated structure
although finite
order gives
english nes
simpler solution
currently performs
federal communications
query tree
larger framework
trailing period
rules predict
descriptive accounts
crucial questions
replace setq
name index
relationships existing
language sub
term bank
underlying structures
based languages
bitext using
sequence segmentation
construction would
generate translation
toxic product
refers anaphorically
example later
car environments
take arguments
news genre
misrecognition errors
tuning corpus
top levels
word wprime
semantic unification
direct manner
dale 1988
ne seront
detailed version
propositional symbols
free graph
anthony kroch
compound expression
cluster sentences
monetary value
assertions made
e left
5 tree
domain portability
global optimality
parle de
best materials
enabling conditions
standard mapping
morphological tools
speaker sets
hierarchical set
de bdlex
congestive heart
matchplus system
du conseil
triangleright initialize
parses produced
complement span
functions within
document ranking
descriptions appear
monolingual sentence
structure becomes
improving speaker
action plan
character typed
state expressions
representational structure
overt cues
4 mb
sentence sample
literature describing
readers must
utilizing knowledge
learn useful
human understanding
interesting properties
basic syntax
free parameters
definition expansion
new york
another focus
three intervals
actor heuristic
engineering research
control state
official said
monolingual setting
zero value
presentation manager
whole cluster
extensive search
composite structures
nity heuristic
navigation domain
appropriate plan
scope within
words e
concept symbols
formulae used
category whose
structure due
signature collapsing
jin shi
la drt
called base
corpus lines
effort could
predictive questioning
overall summary
source candidate
pairs ordered
linguistics information
planes faster
two default
vso languages
experiments presented
plan associated
headline templates
writing texts
web using
useful approximation
overall behaviour
following p
quality statistical
subtree set
preceding vowel
nominal sense
mari ostendorf
frame semantics
third acl
contextual sentences
analyzed based
automatic version
one result
cor pus
many co
wordnet class
boundary detection
misc class
character combinations
teaching students
threshold applied
text preprocessor
commercial version
speaker described
alternative case
highest values
sidner 1981
classifiers may
interruption points
200 model
respective features
crude approximation
list 3
potential linguistic
occurs free
length noun
prefer longer
grained differences
adjectives must
000 forms
statistical parameters
proposed extracting
motivating force
collection size
labels provided
change produced
earlier presentations
frame corresponding
weight vectors
various implementations
baseline training
restriction information
i1 n
specific issue
units similar
program output
suffix attached
large models
wearable computers
frequencies would
sentence topic
every dependent
pm 11
labeled arguments
fixed level
expert witnesses
selected news
orientation classification
weak subordination
preterminal edges
specific ontologies
produces surface
two feedback
missing features
surprise language
alignment systems
fragment space
synset information
class specific
speech error
indicates overall
new lexeme
based function
multidimensional data
insertion grammars
information encoding
de simone
observations regarding
sentence parse
probability defined
hierarchical system
25 random
k er
dipartimento di
extensive development
selective binding
inheritance structures
discourse property
time adverbials
hold information
discharge rule
form entries
event referent
defined rule
msa analyzer
quick feedback
hebrew verbs
allocated ambiguity
grammar routines
lacks many
action variables
recent interest
segment type
attention paid
get someone
possible event
feature description
e performance
better alignment
special relation
time passed
presented method
candidates provided
continuation points
prioritized inheritance
final clauses
intermediate level
de fois
racing circuit
implementations using
speakers generally
argument suggests
likely target
step using
two profiles
spatial relation
syllable tag
semantic databases
product ner
random chance
lfg theory
entity detection
simple lexicon
corresponding graph
pass data
six years
communication takes
clustered verbs
real meaning
see kay
collocation analysis
acquire knowledge
frames produced
numbers representing
several flights
monotonic traversal
task module
noun q
fragment presented
manual efforts
questions used
explanatory database
first generate
data administrator
smoothing approaches
corpus counts
hg g
tree given
regular rules
share data
newspaper corpus
lemmas instead
ip believes
italian restaurant
contain empty
abdicates control
either p
characteristic relations
message reaches
many pattern
traditional system
movement constructions
arpa contractors
normalized communicative
parse chart
simple voting
strongly influence
16 words
free test
lower proportion
algorithms proposed
iii system
formed formulas
forces us
page et
mentioned information
det curves
rules discussed
processing may
romanian words
corresponding parameters
morphological classification
commanding np
another well
handling mechanisms
time analysis
basic role
figure represent
innovative aspect
weighted gr
definition given
sentence clauses
style thesaurus
shallow system
reference expressions
instance created
validation strategy
answer matched
effect holds
synonymous expression
family name
modelling dialogue
many synonyms
additional document
tree correctly
linguistic term
scanned states
made explicit
clause semantics
coercion operations
np rl
several formats
data descriptions
created examples
five evaluation
include linguistic
different correct
data sl
order n
cursive handwriting
towards achieving
similar trends
cyclic nodes
sports team
ontological constraints
process similar
scene descriptions
indexed trees
within languages
avm notation
context involves
criteria could
state implementation
better query
distributional classes
normal case
disambiguation procedure
manual data
structural events
poesio processing
graduate students
revolve around
unsolved problem
polarity classifiers
semantic generator
first noun
usual way
exploit parallelism
developed annotation
language applications
statistical test
parallel segments
tile screen
model capturing
element c
clause corresponding
les r6sultats
left edges
correct topic
emotion label
primarily focuses
new answer
7 lists
speech comprehension
following composition
started reading
2d map
transfer based
among levels
typed input
revision across
correct parse
semantic entropy
z c
tdmt prototype
sandt 1992
associative strength
syntactic characterization
entire dictionary
entire tree
ca problems
parallelism would
example within
verb subcategorization
automatic term
ide 1990
heuristics 2
specify features
grammar projection
lc w
testing portion
employ three
case study
elliptical forms
speakers expect
implementation choices
several reports
domain qa
substitution cost
single structure
question asking
type date
additional experiments
words composed
visual knowledge
system iterates
representation medium
acquired word
similar grammars
qualitative constraints
cues present
dialogue engine
frequent pos
sp boundary
linear surface
better error
actual term
syntactic input
determines whether
0 corpus
stems ending
high schools
grammar transformations
target referent
relational arc
benefit analysis
given ontology
nouns contained
different probabilities
give accurate
human levels
renaissance relation
collect words
au temps
object attributes
contain slots
matching module
indexing constraints
improvement based
search system
description task
weighted context
situation associated
object class
simple reason
a2a48a47a4a47a4a47 a26
le trait
primary subject
major case
full schedule
paraphrastic power
phrase exists
su cient
second cycle
pragmatic dependencies
improve efficiency
text viewer
centering rules
called edges
layout structures
initial assumptions
world war
alan turing
singular possessive
new nonterminals
obvious reason
compute one
claws system
edit signal
appropriate normalization
lexicon size
classify test
attention structures
ranking word
general action
incorporate domain
order constituents
lexical inference
store element
like transfer
tree corresponding
spare parts
documents collected
xusing syllables
plural references
adapt easily
low recall
preference strength
speech differs
di culties
time ontology
hypothesis grammar
f via
major difficulty
linguistic science
involving ellipsis
controlled conditions
theory provides
longer hypotheses
greater problems
acies de
sense modulation
complex tenses
minimal dictionary
oxford text
sampling procedure
speech category
seminal event
better approximation
minimal tree
verb told
concatenation cost
another problem
one usage
oov identification
proper response
cannot occupy
id dimension
gaussian elimination
andreasen et
words described
taught us
mechanism like
major themes
search options
produce fluent
allows efficient
task remains
important advantages
toukyou kaijou
consider sentences
evaluation agent
positive utility
individual entities
gloss overlaps
mental simulation
good time
wotan data
la partie
virtual scene
inappropriate patterns
following characteristics
development would
adverbial quantification
vector quantized
allows different
lucy vanderwende
ii 1
multiple discourse
action types
grammar l
empty string
antecedent phrase
first half
anaphor refers
study discourse
different argumentation
topic corresponds
combines techniques
accuracy declines
space containing
dependencies based
good speech
greatest extent
supporting forms
searching technique
likelihood surface
resolve every
corpus file
clause headed
trained lsa
context annotations
index k
postulate 1
pairs occur
extended category
offers another
briefly mention
inverse temperature
semantic measure
examples use
definitions retrieved
ten words
searle claims
critical applications
green ideas
good accuracies
documents tagged
english ner
la neige
optional constituent
surface strings
appropriate weights
term used
distribution classes
es que
polysemous nouns
pragmatic code
low computational
effective method
psychology concepts
topical summaries
structures delivered
global analyses
query interfaces
sense nodes
acronym system
induction system
analysis done
provided enough
chains contained
message file
syntactic ellipsis
thus redundant
first event
five percent
anaphora resolution
csg productions
dynamic grammar
specific transfer
a3 a49
building maximum
nice weather
0 th
partof pattern
lexicon within
100 hypotheses
many chains
concerns whether
similarity model
principle 1
de ned
query involves
basic unigram
read texts
shallow syntax
series defined
preferred agent
various incarnations
terminal structures
particular description
directly influence
input pointer
domain assignment
expected chance
337 expressions
h c
current df
forms whose
construction rule
word terms
phrasal modifiers
vectile system
vertices vi
describe tile
basic levels
distinct structures
active expectations
work could
search words
language research
textual resources
following johnson
ich werde
since unification
performance decreases
although rule
one indication
gathered data
additional principles
provide cross
entire meaning
last thursday
stage using
generates strings
data architecture
multilingual tasks
concept accuracy
current hierarchy
level translation
structured texts
feature language
text indexes
based ou
la petite
achieves 91
written constraints
many relationships
likely alignments
model leads
4 sentence
substantial loss
space cannot
dynamic time
shed light
g satisfies
one id
particular mwe
missing row
lexical phrases
ambiguous points
flight please
remote procedure
initiative holders
inverse entropy
opposite sides
manager decides
document detection
natural l
argumentative classifier
f given
a114 elaboration
additional parallel
simple repetition
maps pairs
computing language
whose knowledge
initial l
previous runs
module outputs
event elements
results leads
boc representations
language membership
states whether
one results
xml encoding
news broadcasting
evaluation functions
considers every
indefinite components
ltag parser
bias among
temporal pp
many context
future progress
ideational meanings
high probability
null scribed
meaning constraints
tile verbmobil
model could
johnson 1988
structural configurations
game theory
average mean
different scenarios
provides tools
nominal forms
semantic correlation
visual clues
np vp
purchase order
four filters
shorter word
apparent antecedent
white space
formal level
pos nn
categorical attribute
general quality
base tag
14 vowels
files whose
fundamental unit
results could
analyzed texts
moderate vocabulary
wordnet probability
prep noun
general formalism
arab world
split antecedents
structure assigned
phone instances
apresjan 1973
points assigned
surface realisations
corporate takeovers
hence sentences
case role
subjective sentence
joint disease
becaus e
variables xl
model benefits
necessarily part
documents among
last parameter
proximity information
several xml
dtw matching
atis training
exact probability
judgements made
people used
corresponding verb
ambitious goal
two points
based dialog
verbal particle
similar degree
pronouns within
additional filter
graph perspective
learners using
event annotation
mental processing
binary strings
authority pages
previous generation
unification component
divided sentences
file format
1400 documents
new positions
subject parameter
orthographic expression
linguistic texts
noise present
official endorsement
clarity metric
related pair
speaker training
fields like
generating discourse
interactive dialog
information gained
termination properties
various grammars
surface parser
alternative descriptions
openccg realizer
row ja
later references
full results
phrase resolution
sets examined
called pseudo
free skeleton
hori et
base vocabulary
opinion detection
equivalent rcg
list c
usability evaluation
difference stems
represent intentional
common thread
shallow understanding
actions made
path equality
violate match
candidate segments
fixed maximum
ravenclaw dialog
discrimination scores
referent scenes
individual pattern
cd2 method
information identified
patterns respectively
codc measure
parser according
five outputs
groups include
hidden units
box containing
formatted database
reference intervals
social insurance
nlp technologies
extended classi
overall number
higher precision
corpus investigation
voicing feature
tree defined
intermediate translation
standard formalism
latent annotation
shows data
certain speech
new criterion
basic approaches
similar components
job database
feature whose
argument restrictions
fusion lattice
patient role
roles defined
helps users
natural translation
significance results
improve sentence
distant ones
focus chain
features belonging
aider 2
initial translation
decision box
conversational exchange
tract system
among domains
also considers
analysis confirms
compound functional
capture generalizations
statistics obtained
official release
model identifies
arbitrary changes
index 3
interpretation proceeds
decoding process
questions fall
facial expressions
action schemata
developers must
papillon multilingual
corpora often
resulting sub
optional information
log frequency
arabic morphology
sophisticated treatment
useful distinction
pattern approach
xml standoff
incremental improvements
syntactic tuple
title word
ambiguity matters
strategy assumes
syntactic ambiguity
corresponding vectors
stereotypical situations
method presents
end nodes
synchrony outputs
distinguished member
particular care
larger subtrees
parameter reestimation
information carried
lyn bates
one markable
subjects saw
act 3
la piece
iterative steps
scanmail system
one stops
reliable indicator
trees represented
argument classifiers
use 20
channel probabilities
labelling algorithm
frequent value
kana variation
final draft
pour cette
structures allow
analyses within
atomic formulae
source entity
presentation process
minimize error
fluent translations
cessation rates
relevance information
markers indicating
correct fillers
ranking model
lesson learned
structure theories
based packing
compositional structure
extraction tools
map estimation
cluster center
visual feedback
kameyama 1985
bad predictor
march 1
plur hour
mobile devices
relational representation
darpa research
see gure
elementary discourse
rough description
complete test
intensional verbs
numerous methods
need larger
theorem 8
relation directly
asian languages
lexical encoding
relevant distinctions
lingual information
vector v
syntactic predictions
nouns appeared
set occurs
cruse 1986
sequential proofs
art probabilistic
plan underlying
separating hyperplanes
appropriate prosody
arguments along
queries generated
finite domains
since entropy
three structures
decompose p
algorithmic framework
communicative posture
english tes
general trends
collocations like
university radio
second notion
first transform
major properties
plan graph
constant denoting
deterministic closure
jason baldridge
3 cases
recent extensions
netowl extractor
parsers using
weighting process
first module
storage area
consistent pcfg
entrez gene
feature configurations
character may
parenthesized material
underspecified classes
generate three
labeled test
different articles
true errors
command types
draft reports
passive participant
open set
seulement de
following effect
organize knowledge
a1a2 a3a4a5a2
modifying phrases
anaphora generation
examples sound
acquired bracketing
four step
inverse correlation
hasse diagram
idiomatic structure
acoustic matching
complement structure
corrected parses
full stops
expectation maximization
10th conference
present situation
agent system
conducted experiments
necessary arguments
particular scenario
essential step
significant change
list allows
complex topic
yarowsky 1995
main events
unambiguously refer
evaluative information
stay close
root may
default regularization
empty links
deictic pronoun
assigned weights
translation l
speech distinction
computational advantage
meaning conveyed
document test
dependency precision
explosion inherent
second aspect
time one
five options
hierarchical levels
word collection
particular language
three actions
lfg assumes
complete proof
second door
speaker l
whole thing
strict constraints
upenn wall
beneficiary case
possible character
noord efficient
possible mappings
syntactic rules
cognitive phenomena
santen et
modeling languages
minimal restriction
mining coverage
similar analysis
strongly lexicalist
average f1
rating scale
supervised learners
corpus annotates
common gender
available rule
lower layer
new draw
major reason
regular users
instructional text
issues rather
results revealed
wdist ic
acts within
sentence splitter
n1 p
represent complex
incompatible information
solution tree
response must
share semantic
syntagmatic kernel
useful cues
existing lexicon
different grammar
current noun
name extractor
allow non
best units
input particle
possible suffix
dramatically improves
contribute much
phone recognizers
methods extract
immediate sentence
new hardware
neighboring links
le 6
zipfian nature
keywords extraction
realistic time
mental process
following configuration
systems project
problem completely
spontaneous direction
leftmost argument
entre un
basic assumption
label w
tile rhetorical
requires n
unit sequence
feature selections
receive similar
msec window
value pairs
based grammars
problems came
observation probabilities
translated query
exploits two
event class
robin likes
organization object
additional consideration
concept cluster
recognition difficulty
greater range
role classifier
finding ways
proper superset
earlier draft
nominal head
lexical source
utterances u1
required run
homophone problem
40 thousand
notion de
distributional differences
normalization methods
entry parsing
phase space
structural discourse
although non
one dt
topics used
constitue une
open system
logical constraints
automated prompt
spatial extent
semantic c
considerable debate
mt program
complex clauses
discuss different
information seeker
preference mechanism
identify patterns
discriminative reranking
topics covered
adjectival modifiers
experiments revealed
words training
philip j
languages spoken
magnitude reduction
conversational model
citation contexts
net improvement
real parsing
last saturday
zhou enlai
direct relations
general difference
final prepositional
towards creating
applied sciences
dimension represents
precedence relations
nounl prep
taikei ontology
h appears
a0 frames
gap threading
propbank frameset
language generator
identifying classes
fixed list
logical inferences
primed node
input required
users request
generation method
argument associated
dative verbs
latent class
states one
independent development
crafted template
noun coreference
partial interpretation
annotation allows
test requires
related segments
know exactly
constructions specific
calibrated noise
second classifier
potential improvements
recall ratios
direct replacement
2 constitute
head left
forest creation
1 leads
long chains
delaunay refinement
ucc values
models may
make parsing
verbal pattern
efficient alternative
languages appear
et ainsi
weak splice
msr paraphrase
new solution
click ok
approach however
separate entities
graph transformation
contemporary linguistic
hot spots
language prolog
v bn
explicit introduction
hanging topics
sac lube
authors working
tagging decision
vor dem
map contains
correct way
corresponding log
contains facts
correspondence candidate
type constructor
nlp technology
adjunct roles
goal using
classes identified
principal differences
dry run
violable constraints
make hypotheses
transfer entries
class trigram
internet browser
common grounding
business machines
robert l
parameter s2
instrument id
detailed model
insert model
larger task
proche de
speech analyses
various components
system indicates
mfcc coefficients
terms contain
several challenges
column headed
terms occur
data included
following series
textual clue
fair agreement
triple consists
stronger constraints
300 test
labelled bracketing
fred ate
next tag
blake supply
otherwise let
tests would
individual context
shieber parser
others used
tables 6
majority vote
inference procedures
making p
assessment tests
worst result
model perplexity
tokens within
expected score
left sub
conceptual value
particular phenomenon
theoretic perspective
rule rather
also displays
formed expression
invest time
evaluated text
proper domination
students write
le pont
two siblings
single verbs
way information
single tense
basic facts
partial function
dialogue consists
correct article
relational syntax
syntactic variants
gate graphical
factor k
possible p
structure indicating
derivable category
grammatical deviation
inferable cbs
appositive structure
specific candidate
pronunciation pairs
long context
disambiguation strategy
underlying sentence
japanese utterances
page generation
two codes
planar graphs
associated events
metaplan tree
verb group
final vp
alternation verbs
process determines
est essentiellement
system repeats
discrete time
correct inferences
targeted approach
sgml tree
pair whose
score evaluations
corner matrix
search operator
environmental pollution
wish list
target class
also relate
another player
best reading
real world
two hmm
techniques rather
stone 2000
automatic model
less importance
sim 1
discrete speech
solutions exist
labelling function
source machine
unbounded depth
particular shape
trained context
specific automata
include non
given finite
texts contain
arabic names
swap operation
preprocessing consists
traditional approaches
node represent
remaining differences
strong constraints
task 1b
coverage sentences
xml toolsets
open words
specific participants
l tree
exact formulation
grammatical units
multilingual sentence
objects based
remaining segments
representing e
give minimal
loose translations
rightmost np
benchmarking shows
daily use
closed interval
summary lengths
au point
aspect concerns
hypernym links
cognitive mathematical
set compared
arbitrary lisp
multiple kinds
da classifiers
level specifies
intonation system
human abstracts
generate various
editorial content
contains several
variable granularity
multilingual setting
complete table
parameter estimates
probabilities b
emacs editor
core content
japanese language
lfg primitives
adaptation procedure
3 perform
like taxonomy
satisfying p
purpose section
evans natural
concepts appears
rule 4
deduction theorem
evolving plan
unique formalism
social convention
relation names
ones based
shows less
sense belongs
coherence rate
include slots
node value
trec disks
one connection
phonetic form
learning uses
temporal evaluation
methods also
using efficient
particular configurations
errors correspond
taggers perform
descriptive constant
binary value
complete clause
single syllable
stopping points
essential idea
similarity sim
second year
information together
statistical search
different senses
orthographic variations
nl component
events x
function together
known way
propres au
dependent variable
sf type
relations left
per phone
words l
ten topics
d6 bp
role played
positional syllable
synchronous context
produce interesting
pointing act
times better
nl sentences
6 characters
represent results
politecnica de
tile pos
common strategy
ntcir workshop
reported performance
domain consisting
des analyses
current purpose
arbitrary categories
leaf nodes
transformation rules
genera l
attachment rule
different attachment
directional alignment
another occurrence
generated transcriptions
vq spectra
paper examines
corpus seems
phrase markers
different granularity
processing functions
minimum human
retrieval list
feature variable
name phrase
best phrase
various analysis
likely constituents
agreement measures
ehud reiter
first suffix
delay thresholds
superficial analysis
news documents
word ends
common belief
planning failure
prosodic units
lexical component
integration algorithm
ambiguous pps
angled brackets
oriented document
semantics includes
sizable improvement
whose label
explicitly marks
local clause
length p
improved parser
procedural grammar
structure subsumes
compression systems
commodore pet
rationale clauses
contract mda904
suitable values
identify concepts
standard telephone
wn class
service centers
a5 a3
pipelined approach
phr file
word sketch
symbol name
10 seconds
unmarked form
pure trigram
name cl
select sentences
components include
seven values
raised category
recognition lexicon
description also
search approaches
phrases contained
central design
fil e
weighted token
different alternative
45 seconds
heuristic technique
tests showed
slot assignment
latter could
structural complexity
monotone order
input pattern
prediction score
assigning domains
10 results
different authors
one restricts
set forth
journalistic texts
phonetic categories
english sequence
f unc
verb aspect
complete derivation
element contains
different dictionaries
approximate word
based iob
lower channels
empirical point
remain empty
grey nodes
agent role
pseudo code
error causes
useful discussions
spell checker
variables stand
forward backward
pairs randomly
np forms
based components
shows relative
information gave
issues inherent
final sense
image level
selected test
different modalities
temporal value
particular paper
utterances coded
specific changes
phonetic spellings
typical domain
basic ingredients
np adjp
discourse parsing
type property
parameters along
capture head
covariance gaussian
latent syntactic
match objects
bos snum
pragmatic stage
executive committee
fundamental issue
rule refinement
1 lm
error l
1 feature
strict sense
noisy environments
default grammar
form axioms
1 examples
al 1996
alternative realizations
one weakness
speaker intends
sharing structure
participants included
published research
back translation
basic factors
cannot find
general heuristics
allows disjunctive
context shift
profile comparisons
technical development
parameter vector
semantic paths
factor 3
using mails
sentential form
first illustrate
constraint filters
networks rather
strong constraint
kbird rules
lexical predicates
olp de
conceptual set
rdf metadata
430 words
suggests ways
symbols occurring
act replace
large n
speakers often
word identifier
solution among
dependencies model
scoring hypotheses
pause fillers
dictionary construction
1 indicate
six readings
comparable precision
reviews according
wire text
relation extractor
conditions imposed
given group
primitive queries
3 terms
online machine
level three
phrases receive
pr scores
mql query
value type
line 13
verbal context
sort found
following abney
produce english
summary accuracy
inverted generation
understanding framework
secondary storage
work efficiently
column vectors
present verb
phrase using
following objects
one country
automated parsing
direct comparisons
open role
highest correlations
identify possible
humans seem
new orleans
condition specifies
documents satisfying
learning conditions
last task
shows semantic
items correspond
specific ones
likely hypothesis
power comes
np finder
place predications
text prior
logical sense
whose rhss
extracted clauses
first p
glsa algorithm
sense numbers
rapid expansion
application phase
verbs using
path starts
serial composition
generative theories
several templates
itg space
representing sets
fixed values
people spoke
syntactic elements
prototypical situations
users information
improve recognition
towards tile
result shows
constituent labeled
directly test
inherent part
best clustering
paper contributes
automatic question
sri cambridge
geometric properties
line 11
overlapping regions
using algorithm
cliques representing
questions contain
feature distinguishes
main program
integrated way
summarization research
representation set
extract summary
source chunk
thus leads
model output
extract paraphrases
sense acquisition
neural sciences
use reference
n expressions
special quantifier
neutral pronouns
ratnaparkhi 1997
arcs leaving
several researchers
turn provide
java server
parameter distribution
volume 27
press conference
decreasing order
multiple attributes
evaluate word
grammatical phrase
neighbor method
diverse text
different cultures
space pruning
improved evaluation
general analysis
hawkins 1978
r ranges
tile contribution
intermediate values
word word
node set
tim problem
improving readability
name tagger
discourse world
les descripteurs
elided clause
extractive summary
nadia wants
certain intermediate
ambiguity factor
oriented database
set derived
interface techniques
procter 1978
junction theory
top terms
q b
structure learning
np extraction
another entry
involves specifying
base definitions
enhanced performance
computer rubric
type tree
since c
many information
given field
verb left
uses exactly
fact nodes
paradigmatic level
axiom values
written forms
2nd workshop
syntactic annotation
oriented towards
nonpersistent defaults
kazakh language
stronger sense
description produced
meteorological agency
shows first
entropy algorithm
test could
numerical results
cumulative distribution
korean phonetic
animate agent
recall criterion
null feature
action representation
set b
null examples
including methods
patterns around
shift may
given pic
restricted language
across algorithms
integrating nlp
electronic format
remarkable result
ewan klein
calculate word
entity previously
many alternatives
including opinions
structures without
generate initial
different link
statistical result
graphic mode
h contains
actual source
every component
information providers
model x
probabilistic prediction
common goal
useful indicators
future studies
cpu seconds
mdi2bcache model
coherence readings
five levels
des raisons
contain spurious
wsd predictions
current scoring
trace mechanism
several instances
next pass
standard analysis
appropriate mechanism
ablation experiments
aucun syndicat
coverage ccg
minute per
main discourse
notion similar
korean lexicon
make modifications
resolve ellipses
representation system
probably need
following similarity
sleeping car
conditions required
adding domain
binding protein
prosodic phrase
procedural attachment
selected portions
many compound
flattened trees
parser implementation
different agreement
web user
values normalized
templates whose
typically involves
question decompositions
analyzes english
key issue
resource required
marked improvement
markup framework
language archives
coda grammar
klavans et
sentence frequency
e2 respectively
sources said
corresponding weight
made progress
input phoneme
aggressive beam
formative assessment
mccord slot
domain j
adjusted frequency
given meeting
performance close
perform additional
subword approach
selected coreference
binary system
atis csr
level frames
l introduction
caption production
predicted edge
chapter 3
pp 1
surface words
module linguistique
like form
tags contained
six oh
componential analysis
error counts
tagged lob
words commonly
evaluation suggests
name terms
skilled readers
using bi
extended discussion
low precision
neighbor classifiers
le features
qui contiennent
constraints used
describes methods
phase could
frequent role
context c1
finite range
building classes
linguistics literature
labels correspond
hoc techniques
system modules
important direction
existing rule
working string
literal transcripts
domain grammar
nominative subject
5 algorithm
default senses
capabilities needed
english task
step tries
different formulations
together verbs
argument detection
comprehensive text
sequence w1
instance types
summary comparison
similarity distribution
structural preferences
lex syntax
based cosine
entry critical
laborious effort
recursive type
mandatory elements
full description
like lisp
talk shows
generates many
intransitive frame
default attachment
domain bn
thank chris
seven classes
minimal satisfying
salient predicates
possible partition
pragmatic relations
input context
functional terms
sentences correspond
bigram matrix
expressed information
coe cient
primary category
reduced training
oepen et
actual human
np head
experimenter interaction
numerous examples
complex constraints
computer grammar
pragmatic considerations
agent presupposition
based ontology
labels reflect
al 1995
algorithm resolves
goal logical
usedin list
human tagger
following contexts
200 characters
coreference classifiers
expected case
multimodal system
language c
de c
developing knowledge
interesting subject
modified phrase
510 sentences
emele et
unrelated words
pruning procedure
training techniques
work oll
cassell et
level seems
traditional feature
process followed
mp3 domain
additional grammar
level classes
synthesis procedures
hypothesis containing
training essays
8 x
indirect left
list contains
high energy
fn frames
subjective situation
single input
items include
accuracy considerably
e ge
words exactly
propn kyoto
efficient compilation
probabilistic framework
specific form
dialog module
relations allow
library modules
block translations
like categories
different ontologies
noise ratios
approaches would
alternating sequence
figure 9a
distribution would
problem 3
previous dialogue
therefore define
temporal system
pragmatics processor
article describes
constraint solving
level object
understand user
feature identifying
discontinuous noun
utterances 4
overall operation
licensing structure
formalism designed
desired effect
head modifiers
priori assumption
dialog agents
4 parameters
always assigns
implied questions
hearers interpret
documents obtained
idiomatic constructions
3 collection
phase identifies
complement constructions
additional time
instantiated description
lexical recovery
gram mixed
software called
interaction would
level score
discourse planning
tables also
proposed verification
pure sense
ideal structure
things stand
head 1
alignment point
additional speech
level frame
theoretical explanation
peter loves
among terms
input modes
hyponym link
generate natural
idiosyncratic phenomena
lnre zone
examples retrieved
signatures acquired
depends critically
acquisition technique
domain relevant
removing words
local search
performs quite
accuracy vs
data comprised
driven grammar
woods 1978
multiple steps
srinivas 1994
private sector
complicated interactions
regression method
story understanding
4 slices
competing systems
associated discourse
considering words
yin error
syntactic class
entry corresponds
speech recogniser
de sens
second user
test revealed
standard baseline
using function
journal database
hypothesis cannot
student moves
definition applies
query languages
function type
completion limit
changing environment
secondary hash
markov state
models gives
pages 69
often lack
dominating category
headed wh
inconsistency among
linear distance
marker may
keyword recognition
middle categories
individual annotators
called minimal
feature w
human terms
uses grammatical
clause revision
exponential growth
english newspapers
class transitions
probability comparison
specific categories
elements using
final forms
built bottom
given hcs
structure associated
network like
points associated
occur simultaneously
topic switch
pubmed abstracts
navigational information
annotation contains
une base
chunk patterns
level account
pronouns occurring
narrow margin
two miles
strict subset
central part
5 languages
possible characters
methods extend
push q
word example
harman 1963
eat ice
grammar node
concept type
several minor
proximity searches
avoid multiple
system tested
unsupervised bootstrapping
33 mhz
grammar schemes
higher error
nous faut
possible effect
federal ministry
oder der
common topic
additional relevant
logical connective
ranking scheme
syntactic environments
additional segment
semantic backoff
explicit definitions
use bw
franz och
identify noun
unification used
research assistants
two resource
backoff smoothing
frame accuracy
r et
verb hit
right choice
better indicators
smart information
template element
query interpretation
scenario 4
pure naive
senses containing
used depends
component needs
set da
fn frame
clustering quality
language allows
a0 argument
algorithms provide
replacement string
word duration
primitive semantic
specific answers
successful recognition
several antecedent
called unification
usually precedes
preliminary test
trained annotators
sentence subset
reflected larcs
processor repository
corpus metadata
fine granularity
asks questions
dictionary contained
event generation
sentence forms
k k
optimal summary
pump failed
chinese aspect
tourism domain
major improvements
5 corresponds
recognized sequence
contexts using
asymmetrical relation
algorithm combined
merge algorithm
multitext system
large cost
adjacency matrix
incoming arcs
restrictions within
last equation
clauses using
displaced elements
lt chunk
trainable part
type tag
trade press
complete picture
given paradigm
topic analysis
unseen tokens
kudo et
verb meanings
character n
entire algorithm
detection results
temporal words
new perspectives
one scenario
competence level
verb base
lexical sign
given performance
statement provides
conditional expectations
specific nlp
logical forms
incremental refinement
discovering word
based subcategorization
808 words
tasks 2
tone languages
calzolari 1984
plural forms
conceptual role
per word
symbole de
therefore c
aligned word
possible configuration
high rank
one language
science institute
te system
resulting formula
right end
average lengths
value according
morpheme labels
agent preference
initial score
final utterance
seed features
procedure allows
keyword expansion
chunk representations
best version
root n
constraint within
employ linguistic
user evaluation
december 2003
based segments
relation tagger
parser reported
certain processes
tile set
main obstacle
properly interpret
modelling toolkit
contains terms
size test
pragmatic approach
noun man
propositions must
paths like
fellowship award
text templates
expressions also
repair indicator
references like
shared variance
one relationship
translation per
different judges
good guide
bill would
type among
level transcription
contains five
assigning phrase
rules simultaneously
pragmatic side
inherent bias
move dot
lower courts
raw documents
initial filtering
describing relations
first priority
subcat feature
senses cannot
non human
adjective classes
better f
belief model
time performance
grammar yields
type restriction
individual information
relation computed
initial node
global parameter
pr e
gpe domain
present systems
di jk
content planner
children read
first partition
additional senses
discrimination criteria
individual token
perspective shift
appositive constructions
onion tears
immediate situation
x r
dialogue interactions
translating queries
suppose r
milan polytechnic
hyperbolic tangent
synset number
point remains
points drawn
pronoun coreference
sentence utterance
human inter
remarkable results
value match
clitic placement
grammars whose
business operations
functional decomposition
contrast classi
lexical pairs
representations like
statistical results
called k
april 1994
financial domain
cohesion structure
discourse tags
answer rate
k coefficient
unique analysis
empirical data
expressions involved
improved system
method like
practical problems
single program
diverse data
quantified variables
substitution frequency
semantic level
parameter r
analyzing data
resolution approaches
believe p
full language
task moves
bourbeau et
request forms
dooner jr
prototype english
verb conjugations
correct forms
paragraph structures
standards adaptation
verbal constituent
chunking method
cmu data
knowledge stored
single daughter
december 2001
1 defines
three keywords
like machine
becomes something
control component
supporting idea
key design
java applets
corrected versions
current p
conversion performance
bit per
sense selection
lexical predicate
form r
scheme consists
existing non
monadic predicates
list retrieved
neighborhood n
control sentences
order constraint
operation produces
properties concerning
constituent single
linear pca
major emphasis
structure needed
dialogue tutoring
approach focuses
following van
concepts retrieved
computer dictionaries
linguistic axioms
idf approach
contain noise
depends largely
data layer
basic fact
described would
research themes
class distributions
memt system
zai pei
animated graphics
mit press
system initiates
figure 31
risk missing
inflecting words
comparative analysis
level correspondences
mation rules
fatal errors
long compound
correct dependency
42 words
side c
output associated
pentium iii
model dialogues
certain pieces
3990 sentence
sequent calculus
shortcuts browser
sentence long
categorial languages
george bush
investigation also
sentence aligned
line data
reliable statistics
good domain
single tool
sa units
multiplicative linear
grammatical issues
neither sentence
noun matching
size manageable
single tuple
regularized structure
rusty bobrow
therefore allows
high success
local result
making progress
earlier utterance
level mixture
young dog
english paraphrase
produced parse
ir application
george lakoff
features outperform
annotation projection
sentences provides
rules consisting
including spoken
tree accuracy
semantic routines
resource consists
retrieval score
multimodal understanding
french ltag
primary distinction
initial transcription
minimum amount
limited inventory
inferred goal
single discourse
herbrand universe
data rather
options provided
preposition selection
slot variables
input request
common basic
prepositional objects
local conditional
supervised information
argument handles
based fmeasure
6 minutes
via maximum
frames available
mammals since
strong parallelism
discourse ks
good candidate
segmentation points
states reachable
often mark
henry higgins
sense may
possible realisation
neutral register
textual summaries
flags per
movement attributes
two pp
face communication
retrieval filtering
oriented corpora
mt effort
valued function
mapping problems
wolff et
achieves satisfactory
historical semantics
provide food
elementary syntactic
main line
one signature
n ill
g algorithm
fdd based
graded constraints
open discovery
semantics provides
donna harman
initial states
verbal interactions
use sections
warren 1981
critical poses
john cut
step performed
syntactic abstraction
relative pronouns
underlying situation
syntactic specialist
proposal based
english questions
target card
belles lettres
third tape
temporal role
dialogue work
average accuracy
generated hypotheses
verb buy
phoneme classification
tile others
selection strategies
value iteration
given base
rank possible
vessel speed
also benefits
biology knowledge
saffran et
unit also
standard pc
method ranks
exact wording
consuming process
precision results
modal interface
em algorithms
ne errors
thank ted
dependent attributes
context improves
often pre
high web
victorian home
fixed correspondences
positive opinion
differences observed
quotation marks
perhaps something
parameter used
generally performs
specialist programs
allows components
intelligence analysis
significant digits
determined analysis
decision surface
per event
conceptual levels
rough shifts
right graph
correct instances
common root
significant extension
main elements
graph correspond
field studies
logic programming
procedural view
pair w
extensive language
data 4
fred saw
sentiment information
missing constituent
use simple
five problems
generalized representation
change information
response component
concepts c1
entity introduced
measure increased
vq codeword
verb modifiers
preferred way
text typically
form used
preposition may
fuzzy number
newspaper sentences
factored pruning
clear cut
manual examination
less evidence
remote references
concerning discourse
patr rule
lexical edge
building natural
constant weights
classifier returns
similar notion
translation algorithms
forward process
become clear
first configuration
caller utterances
analytical process
one relation
product features
verb 1
assume perfect
8 dialogues
line reference
special formatting
trains project
temperature control
depuis le
features among
particular kinds
vowel inventories
salient items
source dependent
environmental information
candidate base
hot days
nouns arc
meaning except
il ne
better prediction
independent reasons
sites using
minimum instantiation
new mental
nc bracketing
topological field
translation schemes
two coders
words per
alternation rules
ideational content
rosser property
lob tag
independent nodes
rich domain
dialogues involving
slight decline
example 32
using dialog
training chat
singular person
using likelihood
process moves
representation levels
per example
verbal information
n2 h
semantic transformations
broad scope
support examples
algorithmic solutions
analyzer interprets
others contain
following attribute
others occur
overlapping ambiguities
argument table
score function
jump arc
rhetorical strategy
index contains
factored form
decision theory
syntactic probability
vowel nucleus
update mechanism
previous experiences
adjective pair
induced set
accents within
parse path
level natural
produce sets
basi c
rasta identifies
linear tree
dynamic part
formal object
virus attack
cannot prevent
ace major
tile syntax
two genders
end semantic
generative phonological
component works
strings may
broad types
every predicate
leftmost non
3 word
morphemic segmentation
utterance grammar
point p
help achieve
vector consists
possible moves
information according
properties relevant
examples suggest
problem needs
rim symposium
usage errors
function according
schubert 1984
unix domain
keywords within
two strings
answer nuggets
one coder
csj data
bank project
principle 3
rd person
measures performance
certain domain
european commission
checking component
binary operator
0 sentences
test output
corresponding markov
arabic version
multimodal access
terrorism web
show whether
one say
level case
program recognizes
functional modules
including control
normal subject
person templates
state sentence
tree comparison
e k
verbal compound
revised summaries
mental verbs
presupposition failures
first series
soft constraint
including feature
user confirmation
problems would
act level
including examples
single referent
la words
complementary approach
high standard
proof node
object anaphora
known instances
left breast
theoretical concept
modified version
following types
generate descriptions
argmax operator
method editor
rst place
rules concerning
associated w
functions mapping
ucego detects
layered lexicon
possible objects
empirical validity
delimiter symbols
model introduces
following techniques
words z
tern competition
separate annotators
generic platforms
seed lists
lexicalist mt
parsing network
right dislocation
a0a5a1 a3
word inventory
unix consultant
japanese clir
antecedents must
size limitations
civil defense
words v
following primitive
error per
methods presented
speech transcript
exists exactly
repair strategies
via backtracking
inheritance graph
global sequence
schabes et
ml tagging
help control
fil l
g corresponds
typical machine
case bases
utterance unit
le monde
route giver
formal account
pc subject
agent factors
context values
networking language
role classification
also control
simple condition
years earlier
reliable features
final letter
usually co
ibm japan
also examples
small collection
top word
michael ballack
probabilistic descent
equivalence link
information quickly
interesting ideas
constituents whose
domain ontologies
de chaque
convince us
million euro
senses encoded
recent accomplishments
workflow type
verb plays
named set
deeper level
sensitive techniques
uk epsrc
dependencies cross
low rate
vein expression
tone spreading
g ns
predefined fields
expected recall
pos probability
clausal forms
scale annotated
anchor leads
node sequences
two pos
dislocated elements
good ones
copular verbs
causality identifier
simple network
based finite
spl representations
five cases
full paper
architecture would
denote word
restrictions specified
help indicate
global strategies
selection task
sentential semantics
la erty
agents know
groups represent
target derivations
coordination analysis
senseval workshop
100 samples
side paths
ordinary tags
inverted dialogue
agentive nouns
6 variables
alignment data
yielded results
nom acc
missing information
restrictive modifiers
word character
reuters titles
used tbr
second classification
explicitly rejects
one endpoint
supervised kpca
additional external
serious impediment
user system
correction ratio
texts cannot
l different
substitution instances
predicate rather
solution obtained
temporal operator
c gm
se two
tile role
physical action
problems stated
test split
grammar g
general depend
related non
account multiple
template filter
relation based
optimal number
solution algorithm
type parsing
estimated word
methods requires
model lacks
pruning strategy
suffix tables
scoring phase
query facility
nodes found
delta 123
immediate superordinate
features pertaining
complete documents
pci slot
algorithm outputs
unseen corpus
one encounters
following consonant
header combination
every edge
activated concepts
faster convergence
occur rarely
multimodal fusion
conjunction within
rare forms
scientific text
disambiguation constraints
morphological preprocessing
positive changes
fundamental changes
segment ds
occur free
corpora search
using sgml
goal selector
recognizers employ
dramatically reduces
occurrence matrix
simple expression
causal connectives
k refers
translator training
correct antecedent
english features
namely words
appropriate manner
initial case
deep knowledge
scoping operators
english also
weinstein 1983
phonological change
semantic translation
discourse action
parser combines
ambiguity garden
om hun
larger gains
hardware environment
causal reasoning
structure underlying
indispensable information
4 log
joint counts
maximum tokenization
parts thereof
success rate
possible similarity
reference sentence
normal office
rule ii
given material
important instance
actual amount
mechanism using
relationships derived
d1 test
input information
time modifiers
e entire
variation nuclei
orthographic e
scr model
attachment without
structure graph
1 exemplifies
paper applies
applications discussed
main attributes
equivalent set
news events
separate token
shift n
average cluster
synchronous sstc
complement daughter
context ci
document id
10 utterances
input token
main class
preselection query
dyna compiler
multiple clauses
compressed representation
time 1
approach turns
selection decisions
transitivity table
stochastic linear
answer category
orthographic indicators
interpolated markov
value expressions
segment structures
handwritten text
task automatically
null nents
sing unification
district court
connective primitive
description requires
traditional logic
modified term
counts obtained
previous figures
canonical position
7 x
fixed argument
generator outputs
cation algorithms
text genre
explicitly contain
performance remains
geographical database
key part
readable dictionaries
entailment determination
natural themes
multiple window
independent text
one region
tag pos
functional word
reduce conflict
structure parameters
sentence except
sound without
positive ones
sentence occurs
two means
secondary level
individuals would
complex forms
precise attachment
large amounts
relative constructions
contextual factor
valid combination
verbs show
de christophe
unsupervised setting
main effort
technical reasons
rhetorical goal
regularities governing
det noun
parse list
relation assignments
intonation feature
coefficient performs
similar performance
merger offer
connected word
acres de
treelet translation
provide speech
conceptual domains
john visited
apply cross
grammar required
list file
sem pred
sinica balanced
although research
analyzing student
remaining non
bracketing f
watanabe 05
benchmark associations
task consisting
particular gender
adjective ordering
adjectives used
input compound
philip morris
service representative
big differences
considerable detail
common constraints
morphographemic rules
refers back
implication operator
sentential uses
typical positions
lexicon obtained
procedure shown
types selected
graph 3b
noun structure
system prefers
productive compounding
right verb
det curve
lexical depiction
regime power
nonstop flights
resolution factors
ten parts
base formalism
user words
rule simply
answers produced
also implement
scalar adjectives
noun tagging
features contribute
distinction among
article presents
sample translation
possible contexts
quite cumbersome
computational means
tagging rule
task plan
corresponding nodes
synonym dictionary
du traitement
theoretical arguments
user entered
compute accurate
word lexical
entailment pair
time trying
saturated model
highest non
classes according
number values
print quality
justification rule
sections describe
ek search
predict performance
specific state
tool development
summary type
fast computers
snn algorithm
intrinsic meaning
permit incremental
internal word
language contains
maximal way
hierarchical decomposition
visual display
questions containing
fact different
svd decomposes
crucial information
prendre la
underlying verb
basic modules
boolean constraints
3 example
multiple references
valid formula
instance representation
accurate evaluation
real grammars
muc test
sim k
topicalized sentence
freshfield bodyshop
difierent summaries
seven thousand
like semantics
reranking parser
k c
half hour
clause together
interface design
better parameter
location el
different participants
nodes generated
27 sentences
models lies
length similarity
match means
work done
meaning processing
among word
worth trying
following exception
interpretation described
clustering analysis
invalid ones
complex utterance
verbs exhibit
pattern component
last row
single line
system remains
efficient ones
la puissance
words yields
user thinks
constituent analyzer
stochastic cfgs
monadic predicate
syntactic generation
additional judges
nist lre
subject precedes
4 systems
another heuristic
slavic languages
several fragments
stress levels
different part
features significantly
feasible task
strict compositionality
usual process
eight distinct
two evaluation
total accuracy
global task
slots per
times ti
envelope apprehensively
e figure
routing runs
novel hyponym
list concatenation
main experimental
stem patterns
box approach
weighted links
entire dialog
digit recognition
succession scenario
relationships within
verb without
rule serves
challenges involved
efficient analyser
degrades gracefully
parsing proceeds
relevant analogies
research consists
positive impact
lambek 1958
scores shown
training mechanism
considerations also
indexing process
human word
problem appears
detailed experiments
tag means
never heard
composite verb
operation used
automatic document
lexical stack
oriented speech
annotator uncertainty
small modules
grained sub
name entries
fourth category
multiplatform testbed
roy byrd
call centers
archivos ppd
english sounds
conceptual hierarchies
acoustic input
arbitrary subsets
linguistic experiments
work closely
representation including
tagger also
japanese subjects
real difference
satisfy multiple
actual document
single elements
ellipsis phenomena
incrementally outputs
score improves
usability factors
show one
set threshold
sense choices
right clause
questions cannot
mention one
reading data
link relation
practical terms
inverse translation
structure suggested
associated attributes
syntactical features
zero indicates
frequency scfs
sophisticated algorithm
expected joint
general notion
case based
lexicographical requirements
expert parsing
fruit dumplings
branch broke
output bag
1980 roger
another feature
next phase
governing degree
action names
structured database
order dependency
considerations involved
translation equivalents
segments included
data error
generated tags
algorithm reads
combinations within
frequent cases
old version
using weakly
distributional encroachment
travel time
called c
linguistic marks
associative relations
sentences 6
tests run
table generator
good compression
level properties
valid english
student types
constituent structure
conditional test
2 alignment
sentences expressing
article title
np traces
byrd et
programming alignment
state 02
type detector
directions using
sequence gap
translation engine
common xml
nonzero anaphora
interesting variations
additional transfer
highest proportion
relation de
target application
single annotation
fixed lexicon
student essays
word compounds
generic description
la fa
line help
component level
cited papers
rule checks
actual experiments
modi es
common constraint
contain neither
periodic time
one moment
current configuration
return flight
avoid complex
many readings
wrong truth
next action
experiments done
word composition
phrase depends
ambiguity present
research fellowship
assigning zero
model plus
sentence adjunct
ones discussed
comprehensive semantic
conversational move
positive bias
parseval measures
repair offset
clause 13
contains word
string nodes
conceptual problems
model converges
satisfactory treatment
et une
attachment schema
main steps
active area
strong potential
becomes faster
intrinsic nature
verb classification
base representing
increasing cardinality
independent metrics
also decreases
producing rules
ethnic group
hierarchy consists
figure five
similar meanings
np within
generates several
nonlinear principal
original equations
various fields
btm model
process consisting
different changes
positive form
features come
rules instead
ih ng
4 development
est aussi
grammar gi
morphological learner
switchboard training
matcher searches
dependency analyses
semantic file
compositional complexity
hyponym candidate
since l
way classi
cell categories
graph h
level descriptions
word scheme
gesture interpretation
bidirectional similarity
recognizable set
thank dr
synthetic data
per character
reference answer
abstract syntax
therefore contains
chen 2000
english transliteration
z v
case assignments
mapping terms
young scientists
important method
speaking countries
tokenization disambiguation
narrower scope
goal interpreter
basic word
intervening tokens
decreasing function
journal articles
complete certainty
result compared
changes described
slot filling
hearer already
c representation
rearranged cereals
primitive functions
related material
direct source
particular strategy
ordered subset
arguments within
charniak 72
name model
indices used
technical text
web content
deaf students
event anaphora
staged process
et c
safely ignore
collocations using
predicates appearing
facile de
recent evidence
enables us
interpretation framework
various performance
durative adverbials
phonemic context
maximal constraint
verb feed
arabic texts
certain phonemes
conjuncted noun
formula b
codes assigned
atef system
display shows
people prefer
two percent
dynamic categories
mixture weights
language projection
particular belief
many links
cohen analyzing
nominal groups
identify p
longue lettre
grand nombre
provide guidelines
satisfiability problems
feature concerns
working knowledge
riley 1998
possible plan
l corresponds
dg structures
rules applied
specific uses
bootstrapped wccm
thank eric
corresponding text
linguistic principles
keeping track
hanja correspondence
also output
optimal transformation
sql expression
meaningful information
test dialogues
many variant
fair que
several times
technica microphone
tensed clauses
de transformations
different manner
hpsg semantics
p uses
various pre
kasper et
short summary
big lexicon
appointed alice
small word
communication breakdown
larger pattern
unlimited vocabulary
using decision
score values
orderer ks
answer provided
head modified
combine multiple
positive categories
state annotator
canonical representations
four definitions
phrases extracted
wider interest
efficient form
categorial grammars
simple approximation
background relation
definition 13
comparable number
explicit formalism
feature f2
1200 utterances
rule forming
en vue
english parsers
components represent
computational demands
selected documents
3 scoring
existin g
morphological level
weights assigned
various tests
exact correspondence
thank jim
terms belong
system discussed
driven design
domains since
future study
one ol
like prepositions
sentence 24
a21 a2
sentences represented
restricted cumulativity
list lookup
transformational theories
illegal aliens
ibm graduate
tuning experiments
sentence still
lexical match
possible inclusion
implicitly represent
example sampling
practical issues
eight microphones
general metaphors
educational issues
long string
data comes
performed sentence
corresponds 1
task types
merged ontology
boundary placement
since translation
sentence processing
place relation
backoff trigram
constituent spanning
trees could
character location
override defaults
nodes consist
distribution divergence
systems directly
definitions would
50 years
informal style
pictalk user
positive answers
association vector
alternative alignment
quantifier introduced
unknown entities
definition 11
recent proposals
aio model
source symbols
different tagset
third property
e old
procedural part
une fois
entries per
state recognition
count vectors
final step
type algorithm
generation take
associative binary
class island
suf cient
connective strength
ef cacy
manager database
parameters characterizing
direct human
explicitly mention
first panel
current progress
interesting directions
certain entity
iu l
bounding node
groups words
method achieved
common sense
ts system
human evaluator
hypothesized sentence
table supports
transfer database
organism database
frequent sfcs
constructor functions
constructed test
z score
ordering allows
corrected co
file card
side contains
list three
many orders
initial descriptions
experiments confirm
cognitive aspects
partially describes
modification repair
two liters
0 pairs
abstract role
indexed sentences
transducer consists
adverbial comparative
candidate without
topic group
method exists
indicates either
language l
better parses
conversion tools
de l
better trade
eurowordnet framework
every attempt
voting schemes
across modes
new products
preliminary result
voice characteristics
view parsing
three parameters
focus unit
particular hypothesis
threshold th
meaning within
axiom would
alternative paraphrases
uses additional
conceptual cases
predicted factor
passive construction
simpler since
also split
common standard
constraint matrices
approach assigns
uses regular
achievements include
accurate set
continued research
top scoring
syntactic derivations
becomes even
news program
passive participles
standard left
topic shifting
large xml
quant aux
single attributes
rule called
context pair
fact may
microfiche supplement
learned relationships
reflect basic
single class
frame type
specific prepositions
limited effect
numbers 1
medicine prescription
anaphoric type
target symbol
construct domain
human model
infinitive verb
tools based
database engine
strand system
treebank wsj
called consistent
transport code
useful task
default part
specific principle
lexical memory
semantic intuitions
resources including
botan ga
user access
operational system
grammar consists
interclausal relations
complete response
alternative query
analysis therefore
identifying non
logical step
n domain
travel arrangement
fewer nodes
early studies
uses lsa
hearer knows
two set
optimized lattice
lmt lexicon
edge predicted
thesaurus contains
k appears
use prosodic
two outputs
feedback allows
code must
grammatical model
span across
transcripts produced
tion module
machine analysis
differing beliefs
location attribute
good machine
definition text
5 micron
condition would
supertag models
acoustic ambiguity
index list
entity description
terms usually
adjective stem
application one
substituting x
raises questions
tile buffer
johnson 1998
meeting sequence
detected word
proposed sentence
pronoun es
npi licensing
electronic copies
undergo changes
sense n
scene directions
general interest
different pruning
level architecture
schema allows
reduced versions
embedded disjunctions
phrases represent
une foule
finite model
du discours
correct processing
specific conditions
every distinct
straightforward extension
text span
perform information
distinct verb
line fashion
command names
accuracy 2
create many
presented results
conditional clause
matching techniques
based paradigm
people cannot
people produce
intrinsic evaluations
active attentional
adequate definition
efficient nlp
corpora involving
basic event
exponential distributions
lingual knowledge
forced alignment
enough coverage
based performance
unified framework
ims stuttgart
alternative error
minimal difference
net structures
various meanings
generic language
values instead
correctly map
domain matches
index file
buffer cell
individual speaker
bnc frequency
structures define
small wire
parameter a0
k ae
urgent need
e needs
symbol associated
word uttered
article proposes
np length
accurate system
subjects ranged
appropriate reading
chain size
positions j
represent complete
e use
text fragments
called synsets
corpus included
extraction works
contains example
aspectual features
null noun
low number
robot control
articles collected
oriented interface
word element
different bias
synonymy sets
turn depends
important concept
adjacency symbols
yields lower
proposed learning
two subroutines
expressions requires
offs among
particular goal
west germany
chosen using
learn patterns
room left
beginning stages
multiple constraints
underlying systems
vary along
object extraction
atr parse
different form
monolingual resources
grouping rule
implicitly considers
correctly accounts
two medications
using cosine
free language
prosodic model
find c
thus introduces
factors affecting
performance characteristics
special way
final size
common frequency
6 members
lower f
find antecedents
sciences division
every message
ibm data
different populations
relativized training
phrase interpreter
one alignments
application reduces
automated indexing
hierarchical word
specific collocation
speech task
instantiation possibilities
descriptive attributes
parameters b
simplified rule
produce parses
connecting elements
type coercion
sentence b
trained speaker
characters could
clause type
antecedent distribution
wen hat
syntactic markings
first plan
initial recall
basic example
word morphologizer
nice guy
process grammar
parser efficiency
linking method
base components
acceptable interpretation
position words
xtag group
dependent clauses
aided writing
sampling frequency
lemma tag
multilingual systems
wml translation
adding semantics
specified features
right search
98 percent
anchor position
verbs alone
giving monologues
word followed
tei guidelines
constitutive role
episode tokens
specific translations
people write
answer redundancy
video bimodal
linear parsing
variation nucleus
corpora results
need rules
complete absence
ambiguities among
synchronized derivation
pragmatics problems
campus computer
successful systems
classification set
type corresponds
problem level
unigram estimates
pluralia tantum
exists also
scaling methods
sql query
noah smith
generation begins
possible scope
configurational information
reliability using
feature clauses
selection power
statistical language
distance vectors
j represents
lecture recordings
file using
coarse pos
methods available
mapping based
direct concern
deterministic transducers
standard tests
citation index
criterion may
identification capability
map natural
stylistic control
software engineers
atis sprec
mcmahon 1994
junction tree
uses co
different pitch
two options
selection features
three paradigms
every experiment
features obtained
work place
frequent terms
answers co
selection also
training materials
lookahead mechanism
object theory
discrete mathematics
infinite sequence
detailed consideration
possible types
small example
su boundaries
larger context
specific subsets
whole structures
certain multi
0 proc
shorter contexts
specific cue
flow diagram
drastically improves
classify utterances
words required
possible techniques
versus automatically
predicative complements
inflectional phenomena
iwslt evaluation
method successfully
second singular
weight less
different categories
time limit
disambiguate nouns
question patterns
la porta
emotion words
two landmarks
rule f
unl module
tmrec task
suitable rule
extracted head
10 trials
term domain
category constraints
reference via
modified model
word said
end functions
breaking ties
undergraduate courses
unique aspect
ace tasks
partial semspecs
generation pipeline
different trees
claire grover
database entities
trainable approach
a26 a64
free forc
language surf
incident upon
tree type
association measures
two consonants
leass 1994
greater detail
interlingual form
tasks include
different verbalizations
enough power
environmental compensation
topic classifier
uncertain inference
word characters
formal properties
rule definition
relation model
contain e
j e
vocabulary conversational
effectively incorporate
builds two
different spellings
domain disambiguation
four tags
window based
unix machine
discourse components
messages may
maintaining node39
vector distances
et seulement
monomorphemic words
demonstration systems
dependent references
lets us
two markables
vt art
symbols representing
description available
domaines de
one outside
enough features
realistic nlp
accession numbers
superarv lm
interesting distinction
following representation
term candidate
different answers
uam treebank
multiple right
bit pattern
kanji dictionary
estimating n
classification system
later step
teaches technique
scheduling domain
designed rules
terms interchangeably
final distance
object head
ir purposes
adjectival use
growing interest
indeed help
general meanings
tile problems
links added
potential english
acts like
provide assistance
ith node
greatest challenges
following mechanism
999 shuffles
higher f
genetic search
al analysis
existing applications
copy field
pentium iv
uses pattern
word seg
information networks
a5 a37
communicative role
single syntactic
produce another
computational study
using shorter
dm asks
action relations
semantic kernel
different nlp
knowledge repository
gives performance
modsaf agent
45 labels
phonological structure
text matching
approach becomes
structures use
resulting dag
arbitrary symbols
complete description
n collocations
incomplete edges
sibling node
analyses proposed
drs conditions
snippets returned
also inherit
search word
called selective
base analysis
asr rejection
appropriate relations
table reveals
adjacency digraph
particular sample
theories assume
experiments 2
registration procedure
based base
formula describes
string metrics
formal descriptions
current similarity
evaluation conducted
domain code
multiple vp
model naturally
connective view
class size
2 denote
constraint parsing
possible consonant
unordered bag
one dimensional
conversation analytical
manual method
arguments specified
train systems
lexicon formalism
tag options
three verb
statistical acquisition
every iteration
table c
verbal behaviour
scoring heuristics
one quantifier
output derivation
new dimensions
essential tool
strong beliefs
bounded domination
error arises
words wi
user review
sentences also
weaker features
reliable confidence
gibbon 1991
recognition network
keywords occurring
effective results
increased frequency
results naturally
einen terrain
value becomes
three balls
reasoning process
linguistic matters
cannot begin
various sizes
smaller test
discourse adverbials
hierarchical chunking
cial training
noun constructions
corresponding data
decoding complexity
els structure
training increases
style text
average rates
algorithm directly
intuitive explanation
morphological affixes
user preference
input signal
name recognizer
utility function
profile vector
000 definitions
change much
grapheme based
best recognizer
sound unification
closer investigation
xyz corp
accept l
various modifiers
two syntax
total count
appropriate clustering
distribution estimated
senone codebook
tonal minor
phonetic symbols
typical computer
first project
topic fields
special constraint
document description
generation result
certain similarities
head transition
spontaneous test
register distinctions
module decides
specification includes
simple combination
good motivation
often limit
particular topic
tables could
network generation
robust understanding
writing grammar
desu kedomo
deeper investigation
common forms
combining fragments
preference based
nonterminal alphabet
establish standards
distinctions based
effects across
arrow indicates
new communication
english pattern
times r
developed theory
sentences involved
james henderson
4 seconds
present point
description information
sight impairments
modeling group
cleft construction
anaphoric reference
comprises four
unique left
particular parse
linguistic corpora
data showing
die entsprechenden
separator comma
sentences across
cognitive mechanisms
translation consists
source capable
weight settings
perform partial
copy array
knowledge item
precedence vector
acquisition procedures
figures 8
structures allows
sliding window
functional character
discourse analysis
carry two
first attribute
recent evaluations
action might
computational syntax
equational theory
routing application
input string
class within
parser knows
consistency maintenance
procedural form
basic conceptual
english synonyms
probabilities need
clearly cannot
average improvement
rules dictate
answer template
maximum answer
also accommodate
predictions generated
english learners
flow chart
domain axiom
performing anaphora
rules taken
saying u
scoring analysis
level decoder
riches system
st order
verifies whether
annotation schemes
input alphabet
henceforth referred
related sub
third tag
lexical expressions
current screen
dutch wordnet
one agent
right result
dependency f
global features
columns 4
others cannot
probabilistic top
threshold must
patterns capture
nouns directly
meanings may
combinatory possibilities
humor groups
module de
database administrator
produce exactly
index lookup
single probability
toy water
generative device
problem situations
generic summaries
content words
informatik vi
root concept
intended coverage
e appears
specific clusters
rows labeled
section levels
lewis et
certain positions
synthesis tasks
gap feature
conceptual terms
external resources
sentences incrementally
precision numbers
fairly coarse
alternations apply
purpose behind
approach offers
interpolated language
structure search
question concepts
1 agents
commerce applications
additional changes
actual corpora
tested system
translation architecture
tagged examples
different newsgroups
children make
replacement operation
useful comments
pos trigram
recent works
descriptive strategy
controlled experiment
word beam
cannot simply
al 2005
accessible form
coherent representation
similar tools
writte n
process instead
accurate understanding
single segmentation
large loadings
conceptual physics
times last
case example
dialogue differs
tile cases
contain sets
sample wsd
table allows
produce packed
schapire et
main window
five modules
two wfsts
data simply
classical propositional
sentence null
parent reference
possible exception
free summaries
several persons
third restriction
relationship r
expression forms
existing research
new point
multiple sense
original documents
supervised mode
first trial
case model
entity whose
approach combines
grammar learned
interpretation strategies
difficulties presented
david b
two role
semantic object
dialog modeling
differences even
high density
generic pics
length a5
common denominator
run evaluation
failure reports
adverbial phrase
transfer probabilities
nachdem er
telegraphic style
weather information
rich variety
symmetrization methods
lines proposed
ased mt
issues addressed
another portion
useful statistics
across annotators
discriminative word
crafted features
pairs given
assigning indices
modification links
present text
dans notre
semantic score
module retrieves
problematic utterance
independent models
grant sbr
two outcomes
appropriate corpus
defines semantic
complex devices
n sentence
semantic frame
string data
ot grammars
additional ones
element g
constructional contexts
virtual aml
supposition p
expressions could
footnote 6
general user
sentential complementation
pigeonhole principle
penni database
convert one
substitution process
major functional
21 seconds
higher prediction
process applied
hidden vector
participles used
constraint definitions
typed dialogue
purely bottom
combine fragments
remaining sub
zhao et
semantic filtering
joint frequencies
boosting algorithms
appropriate approach
parse pair
vectors extracted
null tic
good solution
structural constraints
package developed
pairs correctly
set np
different das
formal architecture
coling 2004
ordinary telephone
judge b
complex processing
human operators
computational understanding
sequence within
value structures
better understand
reference interval
observation pruning
update units
individual classi
acquires additional
specific inference
parsing scores
comparative performance
instances per
dans le
accuracy ratio
acquired grammar
define domain
entities e
correlation statistic
encyclopaedic knowledge
classical analysis
sentence length
analyzer gives
morphological boundary
purpose methods
text documents
old post
autant de
graphs rather
a3 tha7
task demands
design systems
semantic account
les adverbes
translations exist
first consonant
marked structures
unseen phrases
word assignment
also bears
sentence describes
homme est
paradigmatic case
elliptical input
paradigms table
resulting l
backoff transitions
first division
bayesian decision
uses context
mt application
planning discourse
verbs select
words following
sur des
relative complexity
similar tuples
one n
sequence distance
daughter descriptions
observation bias
minimum time
across sublanguages
appropriate behavior
lfg mapping
dialog contexts
missing readings
complete language
seem rare
force office
perform substantially
augmented method
svm accuracy
consecutive positions
overall readiness
particular story
phonemic information
japanese parse
driven manner
large subset
paper continues
adjectives occur
basic inventory
called level
comparison impossible
linguistics chinese
production planning
control experiment
literal meaning
mapping word
comparative tests
stem plus
symbols ranged
similar classification
categorization task
completeness proof
des solutions
pollen concentration
instruction dialogues
features lead
auxiliary words
whether processing
similar letters
factored splits
anaphoric accessibility
transliteration accuracy
english phoneme
nuclear tone
2 analyses
segments rather
internal lexical
system configuration
better solutions
rm task
jaime g
cosine transform
training domains
incorrect pos
john aberdeen
linear algorithm
many knowledge
challenges presented
database consists
four ranks
node indicates
morpha lemmatiser
james departing
level slots
cooling schedule
trees output
key descriptors
string found
judging rule
text selected
flight schedules
direction finding
nominalized form
pragmatic component
recognized entities
called katakana
speech problem
related applications
matrix computation
modal sentence
temporal terms
text analyzer
local language
subject honorification
words consists
smartkom project
generic models
leaf n
scope analysis
ill order
pairs corresponding
original structure
synchronous viterbi
current plan
without access
pilot data
visual system
partial rule
depend solely
sentence mentions
information becomes
document language
verbs belonging
position either
also introduces
small inventory
lin 1999
goal item
function becomes
direct measures
source cluster
next analysis
basic character
length 50
produced utterance
network using
five word
talp research
several successive
subjectivity detectors
relevant sets
perceptual value
po vsemu
text even
phrase complements
improving coverage
english context
grammatical morphemes
project involving
bracket crossing
roles according
watch nureyev
state verb
process operates
missing links
overall problem
supervised classi
listener responses
order change
special challenges
different author
following candidates
domain bias
unbounded movement
limited contexts
following areas
rewriting grammar
set need
pcfg language
sys tern
believes bill
free models
others domain
boston office
hierarchical conceptual
corpus comprised
a4 a4
g starting
defined sets
additional pruning
like symbols
link outside
likelihood objective
perform remarkably
situation description
allows easy
corresponding leaf
production np
quick access
rod end
phrasal level
either definite
tile range
component specifies
form interface
linear support
slot matches
position sequences
monolingual text
old niece
systems constructed
interesting discussions
important conclusion
perform considerably
effective multiplicity
performance especially
dependent constraints
destructive phrasal
briefing outline
categorization decisions
manual ranking
basic simplification
simple pasts
black stone
computer jargon
instance names
interpretation task
des questions
ocr string
show certain
functional composition
julius caesar
progressive aspects
take shape
complexity polynomial
spelling mistakes
1 mappings
two levels
speech inputs
date slot
subordinate structures
token entity
eat food
larger constituent
apparent ambiguity
room 1
description x
various tools
allow e
include negation
ocean escort
rich semantics
two ps
compound adverbs
airline ticket
text structure
target surface
feature constraints
various respects
distributional grounds
overall coverage
mesh hierarchy
generation results
statistical models
act classes
polar tree
left projection
sections 7
context would
text tagging
hand part
apparent discourse
modal temporal
cooperative system
joint occurrences
category frequency
recognizer results
structure implicit
ways described
heavy pruning
2003 task
markers impose
object fills
directed dependencies
names must
http server
knowledge 3
read time
six errors
correct places
graphics generation
structures etc
original batch
useful features
better statistics
input acoustic
segmented test
e next
semantic correspondences
newspaper corpora
score differences
reranking methods
references using
validation process
expressed knowledge
exploratory data
defense attorney
examples cited
3rd column
index frame
document numbers
research subject
inferences already
bunruigoihyo thesaurus
unbounded amount
measure combining
referent candidates
verb 3
ratnaparkhi et
plan language
template filling
explanation system
using finite
style data
analysis combined
given k
internal composition
inflectional suffixes
window width
stein et
000 hits
trends emerge
latent head
across years
english penn
tagger requires
darpa csr
goal management
open word
document whose
nonterminal category
easy incorporation
two bytes
intensive studies
sundial dialogue
automatic meta
components make
new genes
since v
mrs structure
statistical selection
lazy evaluation
right block
assigns weights
means word
ternary structure
c domains
shared amongst
modeling performance
specific covariance
including noun
selection charts
acquired thesauruses
right results
task representation
string generated
acoustic decoding
provides translation
following dependencies
alternative analyses
poesio et
gradable properties
church 88
approach generally
bikel parser
models shows
third pass
whether b
suffix strings
net benefit
stage tree
cost structure
arguments occurring
practical model
american companies
discriminative model
method using
additional entity
sign indicates
consistency conditions
japanese story
semantic computations
connaissances et
coordinate values
sequential pattern
brill 1992
action based
miles south
available antecedents
avoid producing
input mode
problems arising
separate category
one hypothesis
bracketing task
grained scores
abstract units
set rules
subject could
1 illustrate
voiced speech
completed item
entities described
parses provided
symbols starting
objective meaning
related research
subject pronoun
codes associated
hmm algorithm
nl interface
arbitrary predicates
groups appear
head c
average silhouette
additional categories
specific act
yes please
range model
distinguished element
example analysis
corresponding association
syntactic patterning
dialog plan
pronominal systems
many clues
top priority
omit details
constraint tags
whose system
4 nodes
individual marker
considerable reduction
distance weight
three search
lengthy sequences
additional trees
priority queues
mutual rank
entries required
heidorn 1982
squares line
pure length
current project
data called
total improvement
000 rules
rpda languages
synonyms extracted
ready moves
detailed speech
constraints cannot
activity object
informal introduction
linguistic time
investigation revealed
speech features
information structures
relative preferences
studies provide
flexible software
cognitive agents
application fields
speech also
null suffix
copy arrays
four tones
popular science
f1 values
factors included
nd thus
indic languages
linguistic speech
multiple forms
n nonterminals
top element
thai characters
words matched
instance extractor
morphemes get
lexicalized modifying
various classification
different corpus
simple negation
comparing tile
initial emphasis
interpolation weights
problems without
pantel et
ranking alternative
use simpler
married women
comprehension process
possible mother
weights associated
particular consultation
model construction
judges also
paper since
segmentation evaluation
results fl
e level
yield identical
diamond 2
current attribute
include e
quad sequence
tile terms
transcribed utterance
overlapping segments
different approach
factor values
local relation
data represents
word contexts
direct scan
tagged output
grammar work
every bunsetsu
activation actions
general tools
action term
entity models
10 subjects
possible grouping
different state
sentence groups
also ask
additional nlp
vowel modifier
reference vectors
important test
dictionary system
extra symbols
output result
several verbs
propositions r
describe either
inflectional affixation
mapping model
chunk label
appropriate term
application performance
research office
resolving multiple
relevant summarization
insert segment
automatic speech
3 characters
enquiry type
larger information
preferences based
single window
perplexity based
corresponding labels
commercial speech
step involves
acoustic environments
selecting proper
doug paul
phrases make
functionality provided
structure comprises
word correct
three stacks
attribute sequences
past sentence
matching mechanism
score increase
semantic subsumption
multimodal presentation
purpose lexicons
ur et
partial scopings
actual speech
diversified corpus
jones 1993
present data
exist words
yield higher
apply svms
resolution mechanisms
number would
several disciplines
psycholinguistic evidence
errors involve
abstract cases
inner stack
inverted yes
dynamic prepositions
never results
main application
system moves
ich den
approach employing
tile fact
review identifier
candidate generator
interactive tools
frequent word
exact boundaries
test statistic
scenario described
always converge
replace p
secondary object
rewrite model
morphological values
structures shown
clearly require
constraints placed
key files
sentences relate
du systbme
corpus rather
deterministic computation
particular dimension
absolute percentage
semantic metadata
coarse grained
bilingual lexicographers
terms given
interactions extracted
attentional information
desired representation
fj1 jei1
semantic equivalents
a5 a16
current techniques
elements belonging
overcome errors
describe related
object primitives
accessibility relations
liquid water
current weights
de les
user speaks
solutions might
require additional
called intelligent
measure inter
eykey senmwul
relational model
criterion functions
whose words
research labs
source items
one concerns
larger compound
semantic case
perceptual system
content related
transfer time
order matching
gorn address
final conclusions
resources community
adjacent matrices
document summaries
english pronoun
contemporary english
repair initiator
examples would
relevant criteria
probabilistic regular
homophonous words
interpolated models
syn par
structure involving
agenda control
combine two
mathematical formulae
handcoded system
7 discusses
particular constraints
particular article
reranking approaches
3a shows
drug enforcement
set served
training stage
subjective clue
et l
last constituent
zero crossings
lcp vector
unix tm
null p
symmetry axis
parsing e
editor tool
third world
newspaper stories
precise manner
coverage drops
proposition 13
along dimension
better features
performance modeling
passive morpheme
smoke pouring
idf vector
basic scheme
smoothing effect
example whether
hypothesis translations
secondary lr
small compounds
called translation
negra test
generates referring
anything interesting
closed data
functions provide
defined criteria
without fee
event nucleus
sensitive morphology
oriented domain
mobile users
realization ranking
work points
resolve ambiguities
fleck 1983
instantiation principles
sentences returned
100 medline
corpus 4
descriptive clauses
une organisation
generated titles
time 3
require considerable
term manipulation
filtering rate
becomes wider
new data
english commands
good cue
little boy
subjectivity tagging
understand anything
phase 2
costly operation
two buffer
l analysis
syn major
manual modification
dialog project
control expressions
possible representation
take discourse
dictionary words
rightmost symbol
software also
two domains
pair constraints
adjunct modifier
generic defnp
incremental framework
novel multi
expression occurs
practical question
word optional
perpetrator org
trace must
data f
speech sounds
current lattice
general classification
flexible control
errors manually
evidence predicates
user perform
ae n
costs involved
corresponding target
corresponding linear
iterative step
marks may
selon le
flexible feature
research programs
tic representation
simple indicators
rule 9
german research
units containing
substring wi
xn corpus
procedure seems
different files
harris 1985
rule predicts
language score
sog representation
comlmtational linguistics
tree operations
john studies
pattern according
industrial projects
h sl
random error
specialized data
syntactic realization
semantic argument
also outline
data definition
unexpected result
acquired scf
represented perception
verb refers
positive literals
word inside
constructions within
structure results
opinion summaries
goto function
pollack 1990
perform almost
text response
option would
interpreting sentences
density hmm
travel domain
structure introduced
words learned
n positions
predicate template
also compare
mention 1
representing entities
writing assistance
illustrative comparison
expresses constraints
novel machine
since states
complete record
identification module
queries q
rc p
fuzzy quantifiers
possible denotations
4 text
hierarchical lexical
important portions
preference model
systemic networks
mutual fund
recall point
information present
tagging applications
phrasal translation
initial precision
terms corresponding
meeting room
kimmo koskenniemi
make adjustments
ref node
find reliable
chunker uses
ing data
localization effect
interface makes
lfg formalism
idas system
ment ment
short discussion
unseen sentences
branch algorithm
search operators
table contains
pattern match
phrases related
word consisting
informal observations
l arcs
use method
standard classification
rule parses
transducers whose
varying length
bayes point
german codas
common cause
corpora 2006
string may
primary task
symbol table
perceptron model
state systems
whole learning
categories would
sg acc
aus der
worst performer
sd word
stronger conclusions
grammar written
general remarks
probabilities pr
detailed guidelines
role annotations
monolingual data
online communication
psychiatry web
party interactions
results page
intercoder agreement
association experiment
corresponding extent
distinct triples
context rule
light stemming
units cannot
coreference results
another noun
kernel version
different uses
conjunctive series
visualization tool
sort restrictions
cutoff threshold
model mi
value indicating
results tables
systems community
real field
figure 21
two facts
readable form
new reference
string dominated
use learning
bars indicate
integrated structure
coalition government
subjective text
rule sequence
information generally
dutch subordinate
press agency
statistical procedure
lists found
second turn
word beginning
two hierarchies
input provided
procedural approach
person descriptor
skewed distribution
multimodal referring
measure based
bybee et
briefly discuss
paradigm entries
convex optimization
transaction time
dialogues may
particular constraint
generating extraction
generating surface
kulikowski 1991
texts corresponding
chunking result
gradient optimization
local region
quit e
structured interface
data sets
subtask subdialogues
yin sequence
ib set
random noise
token positions
enough space
position feature
previous tree
tagged portion
rules require
tone group
time correlation
represent constituents
main vp
associated constraints
projects involving
unknown token
historical reconstruction
term similarities
visual access
conceptual word
orientation classes
status nucleus
local models
value already
denotes n
attractive feature
kdd cup
initial subject
strong conclusions
generates word
theory defines
use keywords
2 f
evaluated location
node identifier
another copy
support agents
several events
factor seems
interface might
annotator may
incorrect outputs
document models
significant class
8 points
therefore try
score would
speaker information
methods outlined
flight 123
representing co
output spaces
using rule
baum 1972
words falling
limited scope
ten p
message expression
canadian hansard
understanding consists
summaries extracted
japanese article
2 definition
de trouver
concepts would
stories used
winograd 1977
different granularities
scheme differs
machiue translation
de transcription
subcategorization dictionary
one go
locations within
annotated words
extracting entities
two newspaper
derived meanings
several datasets
query expressed
knowledge needs
system divided
kernel based
precise form
structural connective
terms remain
conjunct 2
different countability
improve text
among characters
minimal finite
exponential size
best experiments
a10 a11
entity identi
pcfg models
ji ni
constraints encoded
resolving anaphors
alphabetized list
data described
significant effort
prefix string
also influences
unknown compound
declarative representation
limited types
certain cue
translation work
first visit
parse would
map decoder
talker training
monotonic inheritance
feature frequency
early study
collected web
particular web
labeling model
large potential
probable pos
every maximal
uninterrupted collocations
translated questions
sports event
involves combining
significant environments
b whose
communicative intentions
definite advantage
correctness conditions
machine classifier
spent reading
recent attempts
parser implemented
sinclair et
two problems
analytical tool
text delimited
macro arc
expressions x
weight functions
galois lattice
syntactic surface
good clusters
voorhees 1993
ation process
syntactic correspondence
morphological classes
verb use
linguistic interface
potential anchors
scores slightly
full topic
integer variable
e ectively
type est
underlying reasons
scientific name
nearby vertices
statistical alignments
submission received
car broke
simple sets
performs worst
protein similarity
node word
text technology
different prepositions
right periphery
xle parser
important limitations
disambiguation step
nothing special
full parse
algorithm combining
reference systems
structural forms
basic element
functions using
weights li
prosodic prominence
idf measures
binary word
primitive concept
use 5
model contained
tagger identifies
reduced context
components appear
output results
acoustic probability
elr parsing
valid parses
uses information
stress assignments
default behavior
small boy
chosen depends
safe segmentation
classification hierarchies
classifier using
choice quiz
x cannot
considering word
global confidence
email messages
local reorderings
show substantial
first representation
generalized version
computational problems
systems based
oriented ones
sentence presents
questions correctly
database requests
functional centering
e translation
common processing
specific predicates
gram precisions
short definition
node linked
clusters created
unambiguous meaning
unsupervised systems
acoustic segmentation
system making
result verbs
finally note
algorithm enables
paradigm model
compress sentences
type analysis
possible indexings
first mechanism
pmi values
vertex lists
2 sets
55 minutes
segmentation system
scale chinese
plan models
different conditions
structural parallelism
style semantic
principles may
right branches
lists generated
tile zero
expected error
qi fan
specification environment
champagne top
type determination
rules express
framed questions
propose solutions
grammar fails
indicators like
sfb 378
constraining relations
general notation
template design
two member
within gl
fah dimension
simulation assistant
class occurring
theoretical accounts
multivariate clustering
user indicates
anaphora tree
female speakers
form cannot
learning communities
viterbi phrase
orthogonal basis
name database
angular brackets
methods developed
example one
classical manchu
next cycle
line handwriting
particular sense
referential descriptions
three sorts
zero p
based inheritance
terms defined
predicate definition
semantic properties
segment graph
aggregation component
links created
precise answers
analysis system
verb prefixes
learning iteration
introductory section
grammar rather
verb allows
training might
chart would
source type
semantic slanting
investigated methods
completed tree
turn management
applies two
arbitrary predicate
forward rules
include summarization
terminological lexicons
abstract terms
governed string
unrecognizable words
ambiguous cases
retrieved pattern
analytical rules
focus part
find translation
negative parameters
corpus alignment
plan selection
extensional definition
english information
rfr values
spurious words
different splits
similar tendency
football club
quality control
replacement errors
gb parsing
temporal word
either names
style may
user repeats
effective language
errors could
system automatically
dependency subtrees
equivalent terms
since case
solutions based
resolution module
level 4
intermediate layer
field names
alternative definition
several input
sequence a3
phrases including
single application
adult language
better parsers
tn thts
basic characters
topic classification
general importance
standard notation
additional motivation
tagged dialogues
extracted ne
directory hierarchy
person pronouns
missing knowledge
content overlap
complete shifts
rapports entre
put simply
expression processing
nesting levels
np planning
cannot currently
human dialogs
different translations
one basic
know john
cepstral normalization
hashing scheme
one story
lattice output
scsg base
adapted model
times articles
readers prefer
modulo quantifiers
characteristics similar
coverage mt
order structure
news publications
fitness score
report based
semantic descriptions
routines may
models typically
phrases appear
incont value
estimate different
address data
unrestricted input
data currently
stored patterns
word scope
sentences manually
given c
marked sentence
system consisting
candidate intra
phonemic string
independent functions
letter abbreviations
recognition scores
exist either
person personal
location index
task increases
functions depend
1 points
expected noise
column labels
domain corpus
complements respectively
purchase rule
current arc
core classes
include person
two cases
new microphones
systematic description
describe feature
jane robinson
sd model
tutor turn
unexpected results
built grammar
singular entities
dictionary access
component mixture
bill fisher
salim roukos
restricted way
e current
constraint formalism
generalization levels
type ontology
counts one
weighted transducers
thank esther
exponential law
ccg categories
small characters
recall since
corpus query
domain approach
content feature
bilingual glossaries
three seconds
lexicalized transformations
en appliquant
suffix set
segmentation words
restrictive use
preparation efforts
chains computed
18th conference
plan may
possible candidates
since g
annotation consists
routing purposes
possible areas
effectiveness evaluations
possible matches
relations captured
functor x
intended goals
last position
clear division
regular complements
advisement system
feature subset
word weights
learning procedures
information preserved
constituents parse
strong verbs
contact record
input knowledge
treebank gold
inferential model
ntcir3 patent
repository contains
relevant sequence
patterns without
original relevancy
parallel paths
given use
parsing framework
commit suicide
three results
phrase dictionary
middle column
connection rule
vp x
constraint stating
real performance
numbers 3
subject position
hyphen point
argues convincingly
flight simulator
source treebank
linking table
level network
drastically reduces
encoded form
term given
full story
experiments include
abstraction node
candidate c
round brackets
copy without
candidate antecedents
recall rates
lines starting
written input
solution pipelines
v must
probability becomes
via rule
product x
conceptual model
load time
base classifier
np np
scoping weights
previous tag
arabic document
extracts semantic
immune system
word unit
appear elsewhere
corpus error
c tagger
focus changes
particular frequency
importance evaluator
equational treatment
information already
utterance tokens
multiple potential
9 theme
common beliefs
engines could
correct syllable
violated expectation
simple framework
great efforts
chunks according
modified document
boundary fro
jelinek 1976
actor computation
solving activity
susy system
evaluation workshop
normal definition
time use
contain exactly
3 speakers
language equivalents
linear grammars
following contributions
combines phrases
underlying text
disambiguation within
recurrent nn
one city
proper sense
passive gestures
question remains
noun w
4 data
lilfes system
refers either
operations needed
disfluency rates
associated sense
cslu toolkit
immediate focusing
term matrix
interannotator reliability
je veux
kuhn et
deep read
statistical agent
use lexico
sampling process
using non
language case
require context
output appropriate
lexical requirement
category occurs
large change
selon que
language engine
token corresponding
chunking results
appropriate phrases
offer drink
verb synsets
simplification system
probabilistic context
que sont
false flag
frame name
provide answers
bigram data
term solution
tile main
pair frequency
correct title
multilingual text
e list
identical categories
signature terms
ix n
present first
main predication
subject x
basic centering
use strong
known verbs
manaster ramer
new settings
4 combinations
module determines
complete procedure
asbc corpus
space reconstruction
grammatical principles
simple statements
meaning format
gradual increase
algorithmic information
basic qa
perfect recall
relation r
value 5
transcripts available
immediate subspans
24 words
driven approach
compressed version
possible dependencies
efficient inference
4 days
file named
another module
representing context
baseline bleu
verb appears
measure word
frequency higher
proving techniques
starting fi
provide nlp
case element
sun et
rule 6
texte en
rutgers university
equals zero
cannot satisfy
wrong translation
aggressive pruning
previous modifier
baseline rate
involves blowing
gaussian variance
expensive vase
e file
expression b
detail since
probably show
say enough
using base
stage parsing
standard stop
similar measure
growing importance
three resources
next group
discourse cohesion
referent cf
darpa broadcast
question naturally
low indicator
general content
exceptional information
3 correct
term semantics
results comparable
language g
classical notion
monotonic unification
de g
largest categories
sufficient material
second learner
san isidro
bilexical statistics
frequency indicator
words expected
temporal commonality
allow l
graphical modality
shallow nlg
movement theory
training messages
argument whose
simpli cation
fact suggests
syllabic consonants
record structure
light software
root labeled
projection matrix
acceptable segments
feature checking
28see figure
modeling tools
term corresponding
precision gives
auxiliary feature
form candidate
constraint representing
verb put
mt purposes
conventional lpc
approach relies
occurrence count
uency evaluation
boston directions
recognized constituent
experimental work
tile word
fixed expression
english position
near win
lexical bootstrapping
separate template
resulting algorithms
slightly outperform
3 minutes
12 sentences
co tasks
lau et
input template
beth sundheim
strong selectional
weighted fsas
highest scores
explicit notion
modular logic
although l
coherent units
see diagnostics
restor industries
lists may
indexing tool
querying xml
n sh
translate chinese
longest sentences
improve data
computer files
phrase meaning
values form
system project
extracting phoneme
first twenty
presentation generation
management tasks
role level
official version
variation among
french structure
florist shop
textual inferences
resulting node
main ways
offers much
theory possible
questions answered
rater agreement
often use
translation fails
chaining system
kamp 1997
intermediate expression
terminal nodes
inflectional patterns
algorithm based
erroneous belief
psychological subject
sample consists
pan et
life cycle
serial dependencies
20 seconds
phenomena cannot
subsequent disambiguation
suffix words
new activity
telephone handset
automatic compilation
categorized based
produced b
object specified
corpus comes
genitive particle
oriented nlp
create five
represent parse
acts provide
translation rather
treebank consisting
rhyme pattern
temporal duration
brief summary
act descriptions
uneven margins
statistical n
interface term
lm using
time intensive
given turn
strategies could
quantifier may
satisfies conditions
four baseline
following phrase
maximal matching
2 addresses
localized unknowns
verb etc
advertisements data
clues provided
stratum 2
les ensembles
reciprocal question
interaction modality
alon itai
cause severe
based unification
item p
nli system
evaluate alternative
scores greater
argument configurations
complex nominal
information acts
normal intonation
feature maps
linguistic transfer
advance research
axiom schema
translation programs
hy using
fund sand
function acts
varying threshold
words written
sentences leads
symbolic form
american restaurant
labels could
segmented result
distributed nature
open lexical
several discourse
relevant task
traceback information
extraneous information
approach often
particular subset
particular forms
level alignment
generator based
word instead
clause status
frequent character
redundancy rate
word dictionaries
central component
mary runs
mixed type
fail due
tested cases
flexible patterns
mapping scheme
instance based
common law
new nouns
larger string
simple lemmas
called kernel
fragments together
simple training
new linear
external systematicity
bridging descriptions
670 abstracts
operator would
skewed towards
directed relations
vectors directly
two friends
new simple
next door
nouns based
sentences could
table boundary
winograd 1983
overall goals
recognizing named
lingo erg
logic extended
weight assigned
ldoce e
si elles
overall confidence
lexical tasks
man drinking
atomic feature
incoming stream
one way
letter strings
meeting recordings
time annotations
immediate daughters
first index
automatic transfer
step algorithm
fragmentary recognition
one dimension
preferred structure
indexing rules
training based
marquez et
np marked
turn taking
lfg analysis
generation scenario
porter robust
debris semantics
directed replacement
function learning
proposed systems
possible coherence
wide selection
new kind
potential parses
different inference
corresponding n
la valse
summarization algorithms
orthographical errors
various transition
extract useful
ibm scientific
present address
baseline speaker
listed senses
transformations would
tape fsa
current representation
deep parser
morphological differences
good documentation
pattern builder
parameter changes
trainable component
candidate paths
affecting performance
sentence input
figure 1b
recognizer language
plo dictionary
theorem provers
omitted modifiers
either phrase
dictionary assumption
third phase
ambiguous terms
reliable patterns
nom de
previous observations
condition holds
specific pairs
key phrases
associative axioms
combines symbolic
word xi
names mentioned
builds discourse
utterance makes
different degrees
current mechanism
probable set
much effect
concept learning
video summarization
following relations
sequential information
verb ir
utterance starts
adequate coverage
metagoal kl
level query
complete generative
since december
penn discourse
based k
wahlster 2000
subsequent investigations
arguments marked
makatchev et
105 speakers
processing times
contextual similarities
kanerva et
approximate agreement
future version
edge counting
candidate synsets
separate operation
candidates appear
particular utterance
via non
central concern
string completion
among speakers
n2 n3
oriented multi
tutorial dialogs
penalty used
local choices
linguistic processes
pagerank algorithm
japan airlines
primary features
quality images
embedded components
interface must
specific predicate
clause becomes
danny ainge
phological analysis
phrase order
norwegian grammar
nippon telegraph
time appears
political crisis
transition matrices
third action
model therefore
class definitions
generic hypothesis
engcg tag
right language
meaning mapping
book given
appropriate source
contain approximately
language perception
position indicates
david carter
monolingual target
per unit
email texts
evaluating dialog
verbs among
input formulae
40 sets
candidate appears
parallel backoff
multiple step
behind kernel
human speakers
choosing tile
lre project
spans called
model acquired
manager server
line news
c version
xle system
two terms
logical format
research directions
simplest cases
path probabilities
id rules
web languages
remain open
disease associations
another challenge
network consisted
useful context
story character
welch codebook
initial alignment
way back
thematic organization
open compounds
aronson et
tag tagger
considerable agreement
right daughters
controlled vocabularies
important result
specific terminology
gr output
sentential type
automatic processes
first note
due time
full article
frequent collocates
dif culty
bai et
algorithm decides
two bases
translation subsystem
symbolic nlp
literal interpretation
viterbi version
hyphenation rules
phrase modifier
testing set
naive bayesian
eric fosler
sememe expansion
grammar much
e values
artificial agent
function 5
association strengths
grant j19221
resnik 1992
current sp
cyclic dependency
stays constant
adaptation processing
represent basic
partial derivative
string functions
algorithm ends
whole situation
sets within
different phrases
boundary strategy
current study
computational terms
correct input
initial summary
corpora may
mixing parameters
proper subset
58 sentences
three nodes
curve flattens
mean rating
improved duration
many errors
project numbers
similar contextual
measure similar
based truth
within unification
choice indicates
tree becomes
based generator
kallmeyer multicomponent
tile example
la culture
induced word
arbitrary boolean
paradigm morphemes
used algorithm
written rules
left node
syntactic sources
prior reference
additional conditions
intervening sentences
property 4
upon context
effective models
hand side
statistical hypothesis
yu ding
lsp lexicon
la nguage
surface character
et v
algorithm calls
method tries
significant fraction
clearly state
scale resource
acquisition tasks
using iracq
system selects
tile model
allowin g
empty words
called object
presentation using
verb prefix
vertex cover
across genres
using fast
euclidian distance
initial query
match terms
robust anaphor
acts using
imagen printer
word agreement
loan banks
words john
string n
appropriate human
la formalisation
rules makes
metonymic paths
underlying data
vbd act
good accuracy
value recognition
e three
set comprising
interpolated n
meaning rules
contain questions
dutch man
character change
extract features
mutual exclusion
suggested approach
linear analysis
rule coverage
adaptation step
discourse meanings
tool may
box creation
boundary salience
original program
dag x
pointers back
called frame
ucg signs
method depends
plural np
one xml
intensive study
helps keep
previous parsing
grow rapidly
head preposition
time etc
et les
cantonese chinese
list slots
language descriptions
de descriptions
inferred beliefs
domain must
whole graph
deliberate choice
aggregate probability
np slot
loupy et
semantic decoder
number mda
cover problem
neighboring words
answerextraction module
data sequence
consumer electronics
dana le
tagging mistakes
location names
one constraint
6 see
multilingual data
models compared
input processed
alignments according
japanese dependency
common mentions
stack element
previous hypotheses
test contained
since recall
summarized documents
algorithm aims
nouns referring
support construction
factual documents
single coherent
control structures
calculate agreement
translation rate
whose feature
next year
zero configuration
issues also
shows multiple
initial error
nodes succeed
pairs tend
formal expression
relative clauses
new equipment
main purposes
successful data
om left
unknown string
three branches
negative log
piet marie
verb contains
decisive factor
text archive
following binary
called lr
television news
observed value
order verbs
occurrence type
referent might
expression describes
training progresses
also assign
collaborative framework
figure 15
main head
unit closure
implicitly defines
interpretive processes
meaning like
point representation
japanese researchers
word never
field might
systems model
additional translations
lexical collocations
symbolic manipulation
article generation
local greedy
higher coverage
september 1988
null objects
occur near
branching phrase
legal proceedings
ordering algorithms
selection information
important area
detection cost
innate ideas
punyakanok et
table specifies
program outputs
physics questions
new si
bidirectional ot
similar use
heuristic method
nodes specify
insurance records
insu cient
generation relation
trec conference
frequency mass
entirely straightforward
results give
brill lexicon
output description
high idf
defining formulas
non garden
using valency
bracketed sequence
issues involved
direct speech
text program
systems similar
complement vp
stage algorithm
actions associated
step function
function assigning
forest semiring
dpt module
error rather
broadcast audio
parallel execution
processing documents
five nlg
le plus
object vocabulary
verbs pertaining
understanding work
particular child
since computational
factor affecting
original discourse
deduction rule
issues surrounding
object restriction
id slot
computational psycholinguistics
english vs
using pseudo
expansion approach
conditional independencies
portuguese parser
unique minimal
final period
classes depending
evaluation concerned
muc scenario
specifying prosody
symbolic machine
special process
larger volumes
two issues
bit rate
macquarie thesaurus
possible names
occurrence rates
distributed disjunctions
dependency statistics
based measure
pku data
morphology models
provide motivation
like type
sf detection
simple sequence
morphological lexicon
likely structure
concept associated
person whose
existing framework
theoretic methods
attribute indicates
tokens using
role path
case filter
indexed trace
sentences requiring
previous world
form honorifics
yield useful
phrasal node
category b
art unsupervised
duplication languages
elided subjects
binary operators
sentence need
segmenting languages
method utilizes
information often
take steps
den beratern
usage examples
second interpretation
practical document
series variation
surface lexical
computational community
merging decision
retrieval query
build word
bit string
careful feature
feedback algorithms
normally involves
partee 1984
small gold
passive implies
matching units
interior nodes
nlg technique
rules explicitly
profiler output
public radio
plans include
shared values
previous papers
standard chart
grammar category
b w
discourse pops
applying text
reasonable number
reference resolutio
system applied
certain lexemes
translation alignment
york 10598
apply transfer
discrete symbols
shift occurs
3 grammar
computational issues
study within
two asterisks
corpus ii
keyword queries
following proper
snowman story
break points
dynamic component
inference systems
better context
mb system
goddeau et
methods 2
crfs using
second path
rule features
schemes proposed
rhetorical devices
particular antecedent
structure language
manipulate representations
tree structures
predicate provides
pays special
equivalent word
rule also
language consists
32 words
composition level
affect subsequent
send messages
first translate
roman letters
maximal structure
word average
competitive accuracy
working parser
specific claims
column name
second maximum
creative aspects
vertices correspond
user initiates
communicative dynamism
translate back
poor predictor
word grouping
md np
k mixture
seung et
mit diesem
network interpreter
pull strings
log pr
factoid analysis
scale st
inferencing process
gaze features
references resolved
organizing committee
context gets
fundamental component
structural zeros
relevant questions
strong predictor
weighted grs
child always
linguistic domain
interesting task
modest results
kind described
body procedures
processes use
gram hw
given prefix
group consists
use test
decision support
analyst may
class tags
range r
rules state
figure 7b
beth levin
successful queries
uncertainty inherent
write p
count data
recognition described
empirical arguments
techniques also
report similar
require extra
great help
adding items
various proposals
training texts
negative life
objective function
lhs category
clean way
ch mode
table lookup
help detect
rule involved
gram scores
representational theory
surname list
procedure consists
200 tokens
conditional language
tile question
disjunctive values
student makes
also detect
relevant statistics
composite relation
five characters
developer needs
changes required
internal variables
demonstration projects
assigns part
graph could
description 2
temporal operators
tone scaling
strict rules
one shows
associated head
two presentation
obtain estimates
measurements performed
see page
e classes
structural processing
arabic corpora
output layers
corpus analyses
art baseline
matching stage
back channels
initial category
particular letter
english string
5 pseudo
bits per
idioms allow
subtrees representation
scored essay
boundary cost
commercial domain
fight projection
harder problem
difference features
proof proceeds
see tables
wolinski et
test takers
nd rules
idiomatic sense
stemming words
productive derivational
morphological stem
revision points
incoming transition
noise data
techniques involved
c de
information needed
sequence obtained
smoothing techniques
actual domain
restricted subset
phonological elements
headline generation
a45 a93
techniques across
contain embedded
restricted forms
smoothing weights
pascal challenge
sentence rules
factors governing
path utility
emission model
possible units
e object
abridged version
discourse 1
annotated feature
special subroutine
intrasentential code
translation error
segments called
structural primitives
correct transliterations
strong need
class mapping
fourier transform
several elements
given level
argmax p
require information
program implementing
decisions include
good foundation
estimated grammar
important results
androutsopoulos et
nodes associated
items separated
specified position
core lexicon
sequences x
logical rules
nearest integer
null rithms
retrieval noise
genia v3
intuitive judgments
syntactic boundaries
words separately
french verbs
probabilistic information
considerably poorer
summarization engine
consistent advantage
act decoder
clear water
stronger predictions
two tfss
points whose
inappropriate words
exhibit high
set generation
system operates
interfaces based
ambiguous segmentations
senses identified
concept thesaurus
giving information
oracle results
whose intersection
structure acquisition
systematic variable
chinese ir
back propagation
good cluster
ontosem environment
identity information
cluster scatter
character matching
two conjuncts
formal query
every determiner
space stack
reducing training
student might
usb hub
second pause
regular tree
probabilities using
weak model
difference across
program reads
diagnostic statements
chinese keyword
start search
prepositional phrase
sophisticated rule
course depends
target dictionary
syntactic style
target tree
binding constraints
decreasing performance
noun segmentation
correct predictions
type shifting
deviance notes
optimization criterion
parameters like
also points
sentence like
majority features
effect relationships
morphotactic information
representing information
systems relying
paraphrase tests
sensitive version
initial directions
constant term
individual errors
two zero
distinct language
speech could
systems trained
exact parsing
christian boitet
appear adjacent
quality concepts
name grammar
simplest terms
descriptions arc
mean intensity
complex definitions
achieve speech
notre travail
capability would
classifier stacking
basic plan
combination would
template trees
signature word
alignment concept
gop score
original statement
several annotation
method alone
upon request
represent constraints
mercury system
6 corpus
aspect verbs
semantic emphasis
phrasal correspondences
information provider
hpsg type
topic transition
annotation work
third difference
exemple de
fine hollow
use general
article using
achieve accuracies
chess pieces
japanese atr
implication operators
strategy using
analysis including
martin 1987
tag based
system performing
prolog compiler
existing training
multiple best
local salience
desired reading
theoretical description
second boundary
subsequential power
single surface
message headers
strong predictions
single extraction
therefore consists
head list
analysis succeeds
first names
new name
enamex type
dependency features
whole verb
part name
system never
lin 1994
dependence among
appropriate axioms
two segmentations
conceptual scheme
new plans
control passes
branching binary
past history
identical semantics
scoping mechanism
da models
individual quantifiers
pas de
generation models
exactly r
output language
graphic displays
former phrase
pure tags
textrank model
complete hypothesis
first conjunction
best time
modi ed
key component
confirm whether
alternative strategies
synonyms appear
exists x
type field
either version
correct rules
holds promise
requirements would
word cooccurrence
quantified term
quality aspects
multiplication rules
key sentences
element rather
cf fig
matching phrase
error rate
best speech
radical change
involving punctuation
relation translates
conversation context
process reading
prep det
grammatical metaphor
recognition framework
classes often
names refer
known tool
length units
effective procedure
semantic distinctions
method performed
video sequence
surface characteristics
unl project
task makes
optimum solution
tighter coupling
match term
hard disk
verbs come
bidirectional flow
lower row
structure resembling
richard tong
one immediate
dimensional tree
distribution described
second list
main drawback
control gates
readability formula
un automate
supports non
terminological logic
landes et
query without
distance data
match zero
mismatch would
structures seems
scheme includes
axis labels
interpretation presented
english gigaword
reasoning rules
hypothetical tagger
determine correctly
information via
structure relation
spelling fixes
2 task
publishing industry
strong rules
pass map
1 give
c vn
des bulletins
dependency across
speech disfluencies
automatic production
english canadian
programming task
words differ
called subsumption
representation scheme
similar works
new status
online help
additional inference
functional unit
computing devices
une pattie
discrimination information
categories induced
information structuring
l performance
possible reading
single theory
feature processing
little grammar
lexical interpretations
threshold used
location phrase
three metrics
parallel lines
ambiguous calls
selecting sentences
tbl training
explicit user
maximum accuracy
like submodels
abstract example
parallel translation
es par
algorithms use
another construction
subsequent stage
empty operator
using pundit
algorithm discovers
make connections
evolving model
forms derived
running times
speakers may
k g
initial fricative
reference nodes
tag assignments
properties must
arbitrary procedures
w must
variant 2
best segment
assigning probabilities
takes effect
extracting information
transformed data
among grammar
following term
cognitive modeling
abstract model
create word
grammars generating
algorithm similar
based visualization
translation comes
previous algorithm
c prime
fled mixtures
methodology allows
sentences output
g 1
human check
predicts 1
hashed address
de catalunya
two ends
coreference configurations
measure sim
initial stratum
state 11
que leur
semantic distances
using sub
heterogeneous set
linguistic ones
z 4
translation differs
syntactic treatment
subjects performed
encodes many
negative weight
recognition criteria
called case
semantic formulas
humans often
metaphor may
sound strange
conditional relation
relational database
correct referent
partial sharedplan
verb translation
maximal extension
parser applies
sentences separated
peer summary
different explanations
relevant also
space according
decomposition shown
task might
different component
improving retrieval
weighted graphs
angle deviation
predicates generated
unexpected utterances
corps commander
mean vectors
keyword association
approach suggested
previous proposal
method tbr
every sentence
november 1992
neighbors used
make accurate
template tokens
different sentences
order hidden
interpretation requires
core linguistic
describe possible
sheer volume
target meaning
use multiple
density value
event tag
atomic parts
need roles
tasks involve
match better
observed words
single head
next user
problem would
asr accuracy
correctness predicates
random sets
domain phrases
nlp purposes
certain cluster
mandarin spoken
dual goal
silence durations
syntax might
ranked translation
software could
vlachos et
later rules
geographical entity
representative elements
speech retrieval
provide detailed
distributional criteria
extracting compound
generalized propositions
measures shown
level ii
general use
rejected sentences
three utterances
greater agreement
possible phrase
overall heuristic
meta language
mixture approach
sentences judged
empty sequences
lr parsing
robust word
np semtype
purpose programming
order input
analyse du
quantificational np
edit sequences
words much
zero similarity
rule lists
training model
make classification
bilingual class
ramani et
500 pairs
random divisions
producing coherent
processing technologies
contains articles
le centre
language realizations
inverse proportion
spanish verbs
outside estimate
category describes
museum curator
specified patterns
called g
es ill
cant difference
new prosodic
kl distance
retrieval collections
part due
either term
measurement method
biomedical nes
complex np
sources might
iteration stops
two aims
constraints corresponding
structuring information
cation error
multilingual settings
country data
promotional divergence
retrieved precision
required case
either zero
22 sentences
several attributes
perfect precision
q using
log syntactic
interactive use
readability scores
ab bp
deterministic polynomial
translation directions
three language
count merging
pruning process
mention 3
newspaper domain
folding routes
count less
utterance must
broken plural
4 alignments
get non
interpretation context
different predicates
different binding
inside nps
called micro
reference point
ambiguous word
finite time
productos roche
l ih
new direction
line detection
component reuse
overall control
nine months
understanding programs
recency weighting
browsing interface
inclusion relations
many formalisms
set using
honorification system
aux classes
salient keywords
extended feature
prosodic grammar
earlier action
anchor points
three daughters
level drs
predicative function
achieved lr
character two
feature derived
forms within
tagged seed
probabilistic partial
users read
convey discourse
reasonable knowledge
given preposition
level analyses
substitution rules
level cues
learning offers
conclusions reached
u p
markers may
process makes
model combined
baseline performances
news web
squared test
find correspondences
nested loops
accurate word
relative rank
des travaux
modify either
process starts
synonym differences
incorrect cases
two gaps
slot must
english literature
corpus called
useful information
solving actions
mbt pos
handling cases
actor system
best alternative
pointing acts
interesting questions
ontology consortium
speech peculiarities
anaphora algorithm
specified representations
informative text
utterances also
corresponding instance
models employ
qa evaluation
data represented
feature b
labeling experiments
quality close
satisfactory degree
declarative reading
properties true
key ingredient
1 st
one dependency
w2 isa
additive smoothing
one gene
first stage
possible relations
notational conventions
cascading guesser
conceptual element
new ppts
system representation
user prefers
pan american
file management
include comments
recognition training
glance appear
name dictionaries
tagger developed
learned transformation
syntax side
every auxiliary
target tag
1we assume
various sound
baseline 2
phoenix parser
objects containing
indirect translation
office automation
purpose noun
special structure
computing b
two word
ne sera
nametag tm
idiomatic forms
et g
interconnections among
preference principles
different sites
possible replacement
final tone
deictic gestures
contain lists
text w
synthesis systems
serious obstacle
pfs algorithm
2 summarises
unknown number
basic techniques
advisor beliefs
adaptable system
performance study
prosodic unit
years 1987
score gets
semantic subject
fair amount
correct net
seem plausible
corpus represents
hindi translation
pairedness determination
full forms
sound file
closest candidate
intersense relations
information graph
characterizing discourse
generative language
atr process
traditional plan
ones containing
appropriate measures
following convention
techniques worked
patient education
morphological rule
using inheritance
utterances involved
seem relevant
practical consideration
load placed
interlingua representations
known complexity
right target
xxx argument
since rst
upon information
productive use
extracted definitions
three numbers
hypothesis pairs
sequential string
close collaboration
example user
complete sample
island constraints
scale evaluation
automated tools
among senses
speaker number
lagrange multiplier
linky strings
small grammar
modified grammar
translated context
associated wit
single probabilistic
concept underlying
structured entity
first reading
common verbs
relationship cannot
movement within
nodes u
deletion operations
value verb
model classifies
smoking cessation
basic unit
target vocabulary
following automaton
text elements
president bush
bayesian inferencing
object satisfying
appropriate amount
source intervals
given translation
independent way
automatic pruning
pass two
military application
concept graph
head values
alternative decisions
phrase attachments
intermediate english
particular processing
around verbs
formalism adopted
full dependency
c model
labelled trees
reference text
2 denotes
results extracted
agglutinative word
correct hypernym
role values
vectors computed
greater average
binary partition
recognized string
log probability
referring process
within c
prove difficult
denoted p
relation cr
rather non
demonstrative nps
apriori known
structured categories
atomic concepts
contains relevant
example 1
share two
syntax proper
surface characters
structure models
preposition occurs
treasury bond
dice axioms
candidate complement
frequency problem
rules must
du corps
objects cannot
numerous studies
single fill
third analysis
grammar transformation
syntactic property
upon work
hlds terms
separate section
single gap
li jun
object definitions
represent standard
selective history
get hold
selectional constraints
whose parts
osgood et
certain dimensions
sharped consonants
complex mapping
modified time
orthographic context
bod 1998
provide translations
contains hundreds
also constrains
stringent criteria
handle utterances
high speed
la p
primary goals
mechanism permits
verb list
markov random
combination rule
unsupervised text
data statistics
word matches
accepting state
construction algorithms
overall perplexity
performance increased
visual presentation
time translation
20 utterances
previous function
idf factor
based transduction
setting p
dialogue goes
character tagging
length range
row 5
numerical constraint
mathematical problem
dialog coherence
supports interactive
three projects
dependency parsers
programming solutions
context identifiers
simple equation
complete parse
procedural component
relative success
candidate foci
model evaluation
controlled setting
medical classes
positive count
candidate translation
adjunction representations
empirical test
nxn matrix
usual syntactic
organized knowledge
4 relates
th sample
determination problem
active strategy
particular step
e case
zhao wu
loss functions
tag word
noun clauses
internet addresses
home port
working system
linguistic entity
broad brush
following texts
another advantage
conditional models
rare rules
template relations
low coverage
involve underspecified
essential roles
first phrase
training question
characteristic domain
multimodal nlg
system design
french input
features capture
complement extraction
value vectors
cmu test
identical translations
best interface
tags based
distance less
state since
rich morphological
handle language
l deg
new actions
models selected
specific generators
model incorporating
unified context
expert developers
dynamic predicate
tipster 24
model tends
exact algorithm
statistical quantities
typically generates
pick another
tiene el
human authors
approach extends
labeled parse
communication among
dire les
expectations concerning
james clifford
point directly
input sitspec
beyond part
grammar checks
top performing
input errors
frequency inputs
constraints defined
toefl test
table illustrates
generation procedure
pp frames
a22 a23
necessary steps
processing technology
cohesion constraints
spontaneous language
six methods
hurt performance
systems operating
simpler method
correct elements
literacy skills
human labelers
utterances produced
document topic
timit data
antecedent cannot
topical structure
involves human
programming equation
clearly play
shifted focus
oriented computer
adjunct grammars
process approach
usage patterns
statistics gathered
common title
poor quality
test tube
old church
placing constraints
four qualia
contains senses
communication interfaces
attribute noun
mor pres
unseen bigram
textual antecedent
several steps
optimized version
phoneme classes
lexicalized states
conditions correspond
obvious questions
corpus f
error comes
500 trec
satisfactory analysis
complete clauses
possible binary
lexicon sizes
significant success
considerable part
lexical recognition
certain items
play architecture
five speakers
desired behavior
edr english
transition corresponds
generic way
reconstruction algorithm
model represent
standard annotations
show evidence
coherence phenomena
robust model
certain count
encoding pairs
actual entity
correlate better
greedy word
contain additional
one maps
language requests
every hour
charles hemphill
dp matching
error category
16 types
syntactic dictionary
date dialogue
validation rules
found may
comprehension tool
wc also
one substitution
grams models
syntactic tree
isomorphic tree
call center
statistics measure
2 questions
speechdat corpus
similar level
structure may
develop methods
e argument
results represent
direct hyponym
larger knowledge
understanding rate
word dependencies
lexicon 1
correct annotation
modifying nonterminals
extraction would
namely p
technique based
functions performed
quantifier scopes
fragment repairs
semantic layer
ambiguous example
better information
free way
paradise uses
a3 a4a17
second ci
projective dependencies
equal status
crafted patterns
generate sets
distinct models
system distinguish
chicago press
static relationships
binding predication
inference made
classifier performed
devise algorithms
constructing lexicons
negative results
cognitive studies
duration distributions
huge texts
certain point
smaller numbers
phonetic pronunciation
8 evaluation
whole search
retrieval cues
1 pos
word disambiguation
form given
control sentence
control acts
la composition
annotation manual
levine et
syllable codas
extracted np
better alternatives
operators whose
narrow search
definite value
static scene
task based
retrieval scores
penalty factor
k largest
selected goal
agreement principle
word part
represent immediate
interesting features
pp object
extend binary
restructured attachments
transition function
information percolated
contain entities
third baseline
l 1
trigram sequences
horse raced
previous phase
binarization schemes
linguists without
use search
probability associated
narrower term
particular process
muc3 system
modifiers may
texts seem
answers provided
type base
list expression
near term
relation senses
language common
specific procedures
following iterative
lexical expansion
metrics also
alternative classifications
brief discussion
token accuracy
required properties
alternative solutions
mental activities
advanced technologies
two example
role frames
technical reports
person interaction
possible proper
logic prover
case grammar
described briefly
direct transfer
require knowing
terminal semantic
generalised categorial
9 seconds
ii would
losing accuracy
following entries
little agreement
master metaphor
simple nearest
good thing
liberman et
semantic programs
five minutes
alternate names
two model
based crms
normalized cost
surface realisation
whole development
section 21
sentences llke
verb specifies
node denoting
finds many
form solution
makes decisions
accuracy versus
room costs
sri achieved
compound token
actor role
rewrite probabilities
carter 1987
grammar template
coherent texts
four tests
single fills
modular specification
phrase respectively
exit checkers
complete story
collocation list
role nominals
key pairs
inferential database
noun root
called wh
single key
training exemplars
superior retrieval
research includes
tous ses
ie patterns
identify candidates
subordinate clause
phrase interpretation
outline two
cannot also
level specifications
one antecedent
input japanese
lr algorithm
null sible
improve name
interesting parallels
conventional parser
engine returns
forecast data
consecutive items
voice note
traditional techniques
mentioned methods
small dictionaries
capture important
regression models
tongue height
possible messages
principle would
built taxonomy
data features
class representing
ici le
key paragraphs
parched corn
heuristic parameters
issues presented
template approach
rule pattern
formal pragmatics
corpus described
data also
time avoiding
ease markers
eiw tradeoff
extracted tags
sequents whose
create conceptual
speech output
computational model
empty feature
produces logical
terminal may
recursive clause
procedures written
lexical stress
human agreement
pragmatic interface
ultimate goals
underlying proposition
information appearing
4 n
disparate domains
active goal
lisp interpreter
user determines
one modifies
1 means
par links
labels attached
possible substrings
see siegel
introductory paragraph
hypothesis claims
term accuracy
actual answer
implements several
merging adjacent
spanish input
scroll bar
level represents
language work
much scope
order like
wi must
exploration strategies
produce information
preventative expression
repair dialogues
con icts
process scheduler
quantitative relations
stack consisting
indivisible units
alternative questions
guarantee convergence
hang together
jelinek slm
synonymy relationships
prepositional term
node referred
learning theories
ignore case
adaptive approach
form corresponding
six topics
excessive splitting
head object
major grammatical
ten types
locality constraint
particular viewpoint
using unification
feature describes
models thus
quality treebanks
recall prec
effective strategy
phrase function
modified kneser
terms together
tree method
modern programming
mrs solver
data involved
produce syntactically
internet provides
system matches
dialog flow
jackendoff 1977
group work
bas6 sur
like expressions
domain sentences
data across
automatic multi
company acquisition
qa system
qi e
informative data
exchange patterns
entries differ
related notions
learning tasks
e lexicon
intonational phrases
newswire service
quab questions
codelet types
formal analyses
labeled root
se propose
coreferential frames
emotional reaction
teaching systems
seven indicators
patient unit
role frame
pair within
speech x
three restaurants
fourth row
processor would
misclassified examples
su shu
become associated
8 percent
viterbi reestimation
pairs since
evaluation program
speaker says
binomial tests
general ir
abstract morphemes
tag model
maptask dialogue
contains enough
synchronous formalisms
verbal spine
complex action
different pairs
simplest word
second formant
modifier overlap
morphosyntactic tagging
frequency counting
ga iru
contains 2000
fold speed
terminological noun
short inputs
purpose module
words provided
tree learning
junior summit
unexpected models
transition phase
top hole
sense unless
hierarchy includes
hold either
phoneme pair
rule space
roots whose
semantic network
deictic value
selected sample
correct class
free constraint
david beckham
second object
triple represented
search techniques
higher confidence
eaten tomatoes
sponsored research
choice module
perform chinese
illustrate tile
automatic machine
model set
cat runs
information vectors
observe differences
0 knows
stylistic adjustment
second gesture
shows two
commercial machine
referent confusion
programs may
collocations among
longest match
based estimation
complicated problem
include extending
causal interpretation
relevant entities
ordered rules
increasing recall
trees accepted
different predicate
scale system
actual machine
second frame
three models
various level
head wrapping
temporal centering
clause 5
brief definition
informal analysis
van loan
day long
one week
functional view
dqtp pool
distinct target
bits required
sampled corpus
current stage
algorithm determines
bounding category
alignment test
canonical display
maximum point
previous dialog
250 sentence
definite set
2 top
rule presented
specific expressions
scheme provides
better position
solution without
translations might
2 features
ntcir4 qac2
reference data
edges popped
linear array
defined entities
english framenet
upper string
statistical constraint
different scripts
situations like
like eat
considerable impact
contain synonyms
proof let
standard ir
one extreme
collocational statistics
frame associated
missing piece
la lengua
capture one
individual problem
early version
semantic expression
presentational relations
assignment operator
antecedent part
patterns allows
nl semantics
pyramid method
mean weight
standard keyword
engine hits
selected topic
syntax must
detect entities
linguistic similarities
gaining insight
vertex x
sekine et
one occurs
normalized parse
questions seem
test strings
probabilistic modelling
chunk set
interpretation available
selected parse
la repr6sentation
10 ms
syntactic tag
result achieved
techniques presented
also calculate
although infrequent
three trials
common input
unsupervised data
coarser grained
guo ren
recall due
three selection
task calls
object corresponds
gillion 1993
corresponding concept
motivated systems
increasing computational
level f
data produced
mappings based
integrated annotation
invaluable assistance
concluding remarks
correlation value
trees created
simultaneous recordings
acquired corpus
ipsyn scores
sample network
chunking models
un travail
topic appears
high risk
possible deductions
either model
assumptions inherent
tail node
reader understands
si model
additional predicates
generator determines
corpus currently
model system
elementary tag
predefined maximum
resource provides
boundaries within
type 1
parent concept
based backoff
logic syntax
zero weights
track data
linear classifier
segmented language
german complement
zwei wochen
use conditional
sources must
two question
advanced technology
protein candidates
basis system
grammar modularization
systemic choice
used decision
including quantification
implementation takes
treat documents
high ranks
e sl
assigns high
rule requires
proposed text
applications dealing
become strong
james dean
microplanning tasks
certain type
friedman et
use implicit
safety nets
tools grammar
generative models
language subject
english synset
problematic input
core slots
theoretical underpinnings
saf xml
budzikowska 2000
de fin
uniform evaluation
five variables
one abstract
uses knowledge
rule chains
easily construct
known class
syntactic restriction
objects belong
icp vector
propagating constraints
end change
mean subtraction
next lemma
letter sequences
mentioned approaches
human labeling
large datasets
major questions
specify extended
schema consists
develop lexicons
arcs traversed
participants also
treat two
foreign input
lm alone
line labeled
price one
archives community
features allow
grammar definition
initiated clarification
partial c
italian dialogues
phoenix system
discrimination rate
increases monotonically
possible term
special verbs
novel hybrid
speech patterns
case instead
terminating punctuation
sentence fj1
rough idea
boundary constraint
best transfer
highly depends
stephen clark
index 4
allows use
agent en
several runs
mary likes
represent long
ranking approach
structural completeness
devoicing rule
loan services
explicit notation
shows tagging
descriptive devices
moved element
similar lines
per part
research currently
syntactic modifier
case basis
practical grammar
fourth paragraph
system code
similar translation
fragment set
word falls
duygulu et
called relational
purdue university
shared lexicon
binding theory
system increases
lines 1
hyponym pairs
current phrase
active parse
pronunciation systems
grammar encodes
bilingual generation
former colleagues
hamilton circuit
templates derived
empty intersection
canonical graphs
ag position
predicate features
dialog contributions
condition e
various thresholds
role pair
length based
alex rudnicky
require almost
face detection
linguistic criterion
participants involved
de swart
surface similarity
chief justice
predicate also
ocr environment
convenient notation
using prolog
relaxed constraints
le poste
dependency space
n1 de
10 instances
medical case
rule context
correct achieved
many oov
polyu treebank
5 k
coherent model
attachment score
large population
main thesis
sequential classi
particular length
technology researchers
marginal likelihood
source structures
thank steve
backward steps
general level
december 1989
comparative evaluations
verb wsd
execution traces
punctuation always
derivation consists
document formats
cgi scripts
vocabulary consisted
grammar includes
bien plus
original probability
full potential
specific implementation
extended logic
adjudication process
satisfying assignments
forest symbols
verb frames
unambiguous grammars
relevant pattern
averaged model
uses dynamic
road objects
requirement means
random sequence
seek information
news agencies
attachment node
multilingual name
words let
model many
alternative features
hybrid method
wsj task
common np
tag question
word ej
new instance
engtwol lexicon
8 system
positions must
occurrences according
speech representations
smaller models
rule licenses
applications listed
significant ways
point policy
second pair
first version
model words
sentences annotated
sa unit
heuristic device
original segmentation
booking flights
se sont
prosodic labeling
sense matching
every situation
natural definition
classified examples
term cluster
discourse content
routed calls
tests indicated
develop software
word please
unimodal commands
initial definition
without explicit
map showing
adjunction links
active clauses
error analyses
defined pattern
used today
process must
time enabling
unl representation
main property
novel technique
time values
sense map
methods include
important language
jean est
z denote
training vector
modeling allows
detailed motivation
annotation error
deterministic transducer
usually correspond
questions together
pbs values
state merging
successful completion
sed methods
three target
quantitative comparisons
application needs
school children
sets satisfying
linguistic motivation
good reference
navigation actions
called phrasal
valuable discussions
canonical strings
generate training
simplest example
act network
public policy
query generator
occurence information
1 implies
definition associated
language barrier
corresponding wordnet
rules act
july 1999
telic events
feature groups
joint error
length zero
set 0
industrial city
uninterrupted collocational
forces based
subset algorithm
vocabulaire de
observed facts
verb seems
cases among
stringent requirements
base describing
verb classes
speech repair
basic view
spelling checkers
please consult
number generator
great variation
start nodes
op model
zone contains
categorial unification
gram training
cartographic database
operations involving
trigram lm
synchronous parser
20 trials
argument goal
franco et
collocational features
tile normalized
impersonal subject
jaccard measure
parallel algorithms
fixed sets
large input
like subj
map english
tile last
pdt contains
node similarity
expert user
susan gave
contextual effects
pairs found
multiple adjunction
reliability among
9 nodes
contain context
coreferential pair
deux ans
means trivial
research addresses
transducer realizing
rules encoding
text segmentation
first asks
phonetic verification
queries undergo
using formula
corresponding arguments
conversational state
ranked classes
dictionary word
create lexical
collect enough
latter value
used cosine
et ah
lda model
level prediction
verb object
high quality
trip planning
semantic query
gpsg theory
require annotated
proximity operator
form translations
actions take
cannot wait
name cannot
symbol acquisition
projection technique
ontology mapping
14 groups
predefined list
interval tl
disambiguate multiple
features 1
indicative sentences
topic keyword
criteria make
accuracy varied
hundred pairs
unrelated contexts
mapping unit
relation labeling
shorten storage
stereo sennheiser
automatic essay
relational grammar
gain additional
taiwan university
inquery system
greater part
two character
brackets respectively
plausible set
formal specifications
apply machine
verb frame
analyses performed
inferences made
coercion relation
orthographic information
simplex algorithm
high tone
endings tree
language ability
25 sections
raw frequency
normal features
high tones
map scores
competence approximation
characters contained
generation strategy
dimitrov et
bound sentence
default predicate
cola classic
backward probability
entropy measure
st would
verbalization component
science council
8 words
case agreement
clearest examples
satis es
correspondences according
uses statistical
two operators
kernel used
conversational behavior
1 set
longer needs
whether users
tense clause
following suggestions
felicity conditions
splice holder
evaluation frameworks
gr specification
better representations
issues could
information systems
ro de
bilinear grammars
structure gives
semantic error
carry specific
class analysis
every interval
theoretical frameworks
diagrams may
reduced number
numbers suggest
syntactic observations
comparison purpose
test evaluation
strings matching
detect homophone
street names
necessary preliminary
position p
incorrect assignments
en cause
following propositions
six feature
sample summary
predicted systems
reichenbach 1947
probabilistic variant
six examples
wrong reason
language rather
arabic dialects
ion 5
bridging expression
common tool
cost segmentation
substantial error
dialogue features
practical senses
composite n
studied languages
important phenomenon
first term
authored texts
add domain
cannot extend
lisp notation
queries posed
combinations using
svm outperforms
stress assignment
cv cv
la forme
structure building
basic mechanism
precision shows
following human
using correlation
lemma field
people seem
handle novel
tacit assumption
second ease
2 lists
speech dialogues
right constituents
tags model
ambiguous morphemes
intentional context
assigns proper
input graphs
incorrect segmentations
parser continues
language programs
geographic distance
strategy depends
disambiguation rules
solid lines
properties mentioned
sample query
daughters right
answer space
similar list
nab corpus
property called
statements rather
without supervision
mental health
words forming
lexical verb
prototype information
correct filler
141 dialogues
volunteer information
report experiments
affresco di
text deals
various translation
set show
module selects
trec evaluation
one change
operate uniformly
length measured
agent unit
li cha
filtered list
binding letter
probability parameters
standard shift
phrases preceding
cell match
information search
partial paths
advantages gained
systems towards
based transformations
extracting scfs
tm phrase
intention must
acts performed
variables ai
adding simple
pruning threshold
correct resolution
use results
item types
proper places
action probabilities
english statistical
level framework
practical alternative
general situations
discourse tendency
initial prediction
possible texts
systems move
proof follows
positive semi
condition described
cause problems
detailed semantics
filtering strategies
end times
knowledge tells
us something
pairs generated
contemporary dutch
hypothetical example
high nineties
inside probabilities
classical unification
golf association
overflow area
time frames
factors f
sound correspondences
iteration numbers
concept search
linguistic semantics
token count
system falls
state labels
whose event
talking microphones
using baum
indirect object
semantic variations
generating hypotheses
extended morphs
expert believes
appropriate corpora
conventional system
nirenburg 1987
meeting participant
behave quite
pragmatic processes
string arguments
likelihood exceeds
20 target
processing program
perplexity reduction
system dealing
rank candidates
sx hypothesis
cyclic structure
translate words
need tbr
hypothetical model
skeleton slope
recognizer hypothesis
segment text
th right
type without
lcs score
200k words
proposed relationship
often conflict
computer lab
senses according
identify names
next content
referring pronouns
full processing
spectral peaks
word tokens
sentences plus
local constraint
powerful earthquake
allowable modifiers
multiple definitions
unit construction
ostendorf et
grammatic framework
elongated k
matching entries
better generalisation
relate information
relevant context
likelihood estimate
indices corresponding
procedure 4
nonleaf node
distinct subjects
sequence analysis
adjoined type
common rules
tree encoder
separate problem
quek et
promising direction
input problem
new method
generic forms
arbitrary structures
sense two
nominalized predicate
modification repairs
analyze sentences
task easier
technique similar
basically means
second difficulty
surprising since
basic design
lm toolkit
role argument
achieve domain
government promotion
several derivations
decimal places
characteristic machine
train n
question types
sets obtained
conference papers
average recognition
given object
f associated
augmentation process
achieved recall
pronoun references
shorter version
domain pairs
theme within
techniques could
topic level
motional events
frame detection
lattice construction
r parsing
first create
loc feature
syntactic parsing
processing takes
latter set
american countries
one commercially
particular groups
needs domain
decision whether
designated head
peter miller
whose purpose
annotated noun
linden et
three alignments
simple regular
attributes denote
presolved form
association ratios
known segmentation
count n
given score
five senses
many redundant
argument parse
module basis
absolute upper
generate parses
dialogues shows
point toward
given frame
automatically assigns
acoustic adaptation
previous components
text specific
preferred interaction
specification could
phrase grammars
performance problems
top part
syntactic hypotheses
class baseline
method satisfies
text books
noun sense
working assumption
coarse model
update towards
novel items
published work
dynamic memory
good testing
nouns followed
additional count
hierarchical view
system flow
essay score
null representation
comparison module
third group
analysis modules
discontinuous units
sense selected
order class
estimated dependencies
accurate automatic
1m word
locative preposition
promote discussion
morphological layer
first calls
language subsystem
processing discourse
span 2
40 features
ratnaparkhi 1998
include co
de recherche
based segmenter
word reading
worth looking
increased ambiguity
length texts
generalizations governing
included information
potential synonyms
note especially
cascaded markov
resolution techniques
ambiguities left
structure n
centering algorithm
donald et
reference semantic
val voice
noms et
frank object
form clusters
difference could
limited depth
identify problems
accuracy curves
kpml system
du syst
foundation graduate
representation consisting
smoothed co
office called
generation goal
directional information
metrics calculated
speaker expresses
original formulation
operation defined
sense even
based intelligent
manual tuning
including pos
military theory
time frame
mimic employs
partial projections
g k
comparing methods
protein domains
sequence starting
unwanted terms
bomb explosion
rule identifies
resulting precision
task considered
relation containing
sentence generation
patterns shown
optional infinitives
boolean like
expression rules
entries provided
text sample
types along
focusing research
project goal
various people
best candidate
associated transcriptions
agents use
phrase breaks
cognitive demands
darpa programs
cannot co
reference labels
property f
string q
discourse 3
subject construction
category averaging
represent potential
irrelevant text
good student
additional predicate
regular languages
casacuberta et
longer paths
string addition
bitwise disjunction
general maximum
supports research
five dictionaries
following possibilities
ed ellipsis
candidate filtering
latter system
one process
empirical result
new classifiers
review articles
based translation
translates sentences
two threads
implicit meaning
two compounds
candidate node
summarization work
mark segment
tag ti
score combination
uses tile
value triples
matching model
picture may
short paragraph
pks rules
statistical dependency
ai sense
vowel melody
space becomes
categorial measure
every verb
standard interpretation
dops system
assumption adopted
spurious word
word accent
content p
set depends
functional dependencies
factors described
sentences start
consensus translation
underspecifled semantic
asg program
rules component
kowtko et
activation weight
algorithm calculates
scenario requires
intuitive description
identify units
interactive translation
briefly address
antworth 1990
incomplete list
salient verb
attractive characteristics
packed chart
accuracy approaches
information weight
gram lattices
sense structure
conversion algorithms
three choices
name part
attachment case
sur cette
level parameter
miller 90
even humans
expression like
sense tagging
completion rule
tapanainen 1993
4 suggests
adult basic
model ps
certain idioms
current issues
provide explanations
superordinate synset
choices involved
present concept
roman font
rule induction
me1 cuk
translations must
individual occurrence
scienti c
true points
agr features
upward closure
rules mentioned
filtering task
structure constituents
corpus subtrees
diagrammatic representation
variables except
opposite polar
relation cannot
equivalence pairs
language separately
include synonyms
incorrect word
single property
using c
possible confusion
handling word
filler patterns
region also
component densities
arrow types
techniques achieve
genetic therapy
parser since
th sense
ambiguity since
corpus markup
pro algorithm
seffridge integrated
set consisted
thus set
hierarchy provides
mt pass
5 refers
vocabulary adaptation
shorter term
lexical knowledgebase
also communicate
common slot
modifier indicates
earlier experience
understanding competition
voiceless obstruents
virtual space
use appropriate
final one
maximum reference
score formula
probabilities alone
calder 1987
low confidence
traditional representation
construction consists
manipulation system
fort huachucha
topic shift
areas like
function merge
component expression
distance functions
upper ceiling
test set
protein names
major nv
sentential structures
best suits
approach introduced
group separately
accepts english
third aspect
current version
gesture stream
section 15
training document
description built
networks could
features without
mutated alleles
work related
john might
der begriff
correct generation
node variables
martin expressing
e included
response given
within l
simple co
hoc experiments
inter annotator
scenario context
retrieval framework
mention level
physical laws
issuing company
others seem
computational scheme
object representing
morphologique et
terminal n
binary variables
heuristic search
integrated segmentation
manager uses
distribution p0
gestural score
one matching
cars use
pairs consist
closer approximation
instance r
three subjects
net nodes
parse unseen
acceptability level
adequate information
maximal complexity
story grammar
conditional strategy
de conception
module operates
distinct n
focal slot
interface used
pp would
fig 7
existe des
country name
one map
linguistic principle
productive affixes
accessing system
linear microphone
feature measurements
closed concept
therefore fail
time zones
reference target
length entries
web would
possible post
time exponential
bente maegaard
information triggers
author thanks
3 meters
speech annotated
semantics module
distribution per
internal part
model sequences
one times
resolution rely
adapted grammar
distributed components
text window
following axioms
new concept
word relations
management systems
generalised top
nontrivial intervals
different message
model related
identify cases
deal correctly
n since
lr grammars
visited cities
average rating
graphic output
call home
past perfective
frameworks like
active constraints
training experiments
database includes
fixed training
collocation pair
coverage systems
stem set
phrases p
recency preference
irregular form
occur freely
obstacle detection
inappropriate terms
tile reduction
many phenomena
obtained similarities
charles schafer
1w pb
fdf hardware
practical issue
select good
tile correct
annotated treebanks
projective relations
yuval krymolowski
word makes
unfruitful rules
significant gap
linking relation
grants iri
particular threshold
every history
minimal loss
word starts
words includes
response elaboration
performance drop
code offers
unlabeled pool
4 plots
semantic stratum
initial parameter
continue working
seem counter
scoping relations
developer specifies
test system
e failed
roget classes
human disambiguation
childes corpus
following vector
model approaches
training dialogs
including nominalizations
nervous system
general boundary
tag scheme
leading symbol
verb case
applications might
component ideas
internal code
representations outperform
g 3
category np
classification scheme
corporate designators
pitch level
multiple tags
relational link
storage devices
simple pattern
lingual spoken
alternate version
potential relationships
discontinuous phrase
editing process
words carry
word clustering
met evaluation
evaluating performance
real needs
classify instances
winning system
throw light
abstract database
6 sentences
handle low
starting air
local frequency
satisfying model
collocation identification
processing complexity
different experiment
chapter 4
state tax
henceforth tagger
summation model
side condition
several application
generate exactly
real use
mechanisms needed
glottal pulse
variable memory
tree graph
based uwi
search mechanism
different parents
goal identification
user moves
terminal constituents
modules within
language summary
5 c
manual acquisition
frequent senses
prominent among
document frequency
word descriptors
dan melamed
users make
finite automata
careful attention
temporal variables
recent improvements
analogical mapping
text references
experiments related
distinct constituents
token type
aligned tokens
boundary instances
cognitive representation
words thai
parse english
conceptual grammar
next transition
based synthesis
partant de
current eigenvector
flip state
mathematical methods
collocate database
data presented
english pronunciations
performing algorithm
confidence threshold
f q
8 bytes
trec system
best ones
related algorithms
13 relations
conceptual cr
type inheritance
make use
general list
using smt
facilitates rapid
tag distribution
transformational relationship
special program
former question
preceding clause
matches may
necessary constraints
serial model
2245 sentences
processing frameworks
abstract principles
language query
many methods
primary output
btm dataset
individual entry
cannot cover
set named
lexical systems
des valeurs
judgment experiment
100 iterations
support value
references among
thai names
avoid repeated
vertex links
level internal
creation time
constraint 1
consonant class
e slots
following distribution
role would
current term
macro calls
taste banana
pattern recognition
preserving information
contexts around
binary attribute
carnegie mellon
different memory
topic segmenter
state si
parameters using
multiple mapping
optimal control
cut rule
parse scores
result using
sentence using
verb argument
warping transformation
training database
case alphabetic
length model
sigir conference
sights information
levels lower
new ranking
precision oriented
string templates
prediction task
texts according
less speci
jean sur
parser data
identify phrase
stochastic tagging
vibhakti level
like structures
permit us
formal framework
future experiments
automatic collocation
specific job
cutting criteria
generated item
quantified nps
powerful formalism
hidden unknown
conceptual unit
entity instances
grammar section
grammar provides
soit comme
often precede
second stem
premier temps
actual computer
preferred attributes
certain advantages
gaze information
contains part
differs slightly
applying n
7 system
tiger corpus
language error
one null
syllabic word
3d model
infrequent words
morgan kaufmann
standard list
corresponding proof
achieving goals
automatic translations
answer could
per reading
graph plus
f u
second would
social behavior
different communities
data requires
significant drawback
relative compositionality
indicateur syntagmatique
c r
floral motifs
term type
continuous models
java implementation
agent performing
ocular inflammation
representation techniques
meaningful bigrams
certain operations
involve use
wire documents
test words
semantic distinction
textual mentions
disambiguating cue
combines speech
array microphone
van valin
improvements discussed
novel type
quanti er
two conjunctions
phrase est
negative numbers
transition arcs
particular verbs
another pos
unsupervised fashion
appropriate time
used finite
include context
distinguishes three
adequacy condition
segmentation bakeoff
one stand
opposite effect
callan et
adjacent group
sided mwec
special discourse
server supports
optional feature
include adding
plus petit
basic part
ensure consistent
increasing precision
third year
appropriate speech
system see
20 subjects
method involves
predefined classes
sense extension
discourse old
next figure
stem consonants
order probability
grammatical changes
entire observation
glue semantics
constant amount
noun distributions
actually hurts
vocalized text
red node
word corpus
spain declined
produce extracts
queries whose
cases different
provide clear
originating document
problem game
words predicted
averaging method
research task
three n
see watson
n data
parsing requires
specific structures
next consider
sebastian bach
formal criteria
gaussian function
english adjective
words shared
cell factor
word approach
links onto
syntactic algorithm
alignment result
limited version
tokens belonging
concept triples
comparability among
referential cues
une zone
relation subtype
specifying phrase
elsewhere condition
video recordings
text box
maximal elements
new arguments
careful reader
anna korhonen
restrictive case
capture certain
multimodal grammar
chinese pair
base needs
sharp increase
sequential operation
stem words
initialization phase
salesman problem
combining clauses
contain information
still results
shorter texts
small part
avoid unwanted
one party
concretion mechanism
create special
1 note
space requirement
maximum margin
partial execution
magnitude improvement
room service
effective way
given case
singular number
successive sentences
selected sense
unlabeled samples
tile beginning
halogen system
parser found
ambiguity found
500 random
functions taking
time natural
speech plus
relations would
rules produces
ordinary chart
bigram method
computational analogue
accept rate
unique translation
grammatical ones
proposed association
parsing relationships
manual summaries
nous le
semantic heads
language comprehension
unique path
consistent set
application level
previous segments
cluster together
reduction set
correct derivations
short space
control verb
several men
common users
goal ordering
level strategies
model including
engineering perspective
word behavior
0 ft
l k
4 reports
irrelevant data
eliminate duplicate
heuristics discussed
ary tree
decision cycle
arc able
semantics mappings
relation encoded
acquisition systems
produces accurate
level markup
example 3
7 words
different procedures
similar classes
whole country
modeling assumptions
six patterns
certain simple
parsing context
en null
additional improvement
syntactic support
resolved anaphors
monolingual wordnet
engineer would
results including
discourse kb
vincent j
rtn method
document subset
mtv corpus
difficulty levels
semantic analyses
trang dang
residual weight
time case
null mation
exceed 2
semantic cues
line results
fimction f
successor state
tag element
following measures
informal notion
mirella lapata
another means
make consistent
two characters
little impact
french syntactic
tree pushed
hypotheses found
corpus 6
satisfactory performance
thousand pairs
direct manipulation
system relations
word proper
sentential theories
shining path
noun extraction
three constituents
information made
require knowledge
concept id
belief state
valid alternatives
viable solution
uniform access
ellided information
illustrates several
global knowledge
processing elements
plausibility vector
name form
contextual entailment
given g
probabilistic knowledge
alternative linking
incompatible feature
similar object
paragraph may
54 sentences
root variable
complete utterance
tion names
lee 2003
foundation grants
local dependency
graphic representations
nonterminal occurrence
system makes
real costs
fixed sequence
system starts
simple context
examples e
support set
discourse use
among analysts
a10 a3
adaptation rules
sensitive measures
many topics
grammar h
temporal unit
given argument
element f
language comes
program based
la ragle
intentional information
carlo techniques
similar score
answer retrieval
program asks
nil corpus
land use
phrase identification
complicated phenomena
scale problems
information besides
kay 1984
scalar value
tct representation
elovitz et
also implies
making suggestions
essential complements
disjoint reference
obvious context
leaves labeled
representing knowledge
z f
trigger parameter
validation runs
identification mechanism
bit surprising
less variability
accent class
verbal entry
hpsg signs
single tag
matches p1
left pane
ten twenty
reduction system
dependencies must
extensive qualitative
a1 systems
inferencing rules
underlying instance
accuracy remained
human analysts
entity recognizers
questions according
natural sequence
tfidf weight
lego mindstorms
applicable term
wordnet ontology
target formalism
initial sequence
positional tag
example figure
another contribution
plane crashes
new addition
topic boundary
respective system
xdg analysis
expressing sentences
words correspond
pp rule
error scale
specific requirement
morphological family
memory representation
base 10
null note
2 context
turkish case
thank franz
study investigates
best entity
search routine
output formatting
word substrings
main parsing
average intensity
time argument
bayes method
best compression
four official
category like
learning stress
italian synset
individual phenomena
key expressions
slot filled
combine clauses
argument constraints
evaluation strategy
association matrix
cross language
analysis ix
japanese verbs
extra srl
hearer may
constraints seem
different subcorpora
sample analyses
use c4
3 tokens
breakeven point
one structure
communicative principles
ace data
makoto nagao
similar account
enhancing techniques
conceptual basis
candidate argument
college london
orthographic string
hypothesized target
presentation style
procedure differs
possible human
th utterance
state name
verb properties
existing entities
name categories
montague 1973
pos tags
high baseline
w r
normalized frequency
computation necessary
another option
ten candidates
coherence patterns
system might
le travail
minimal use
single vocabulary
move outside
one bounding
parser generated
200 sentences
pittsburgh students
interchange format
h e
access problem
task ti
qualitative reasoning
whose p
conventional approaches
syntactic coordination
prosodic algebra
constant r
ng combinations
hypernym hierarchy
multiple slot
current texts
feature subcat
corrected errors
directory project
minus sign
discuss next
identify terms
requiring access
optimization technique
topic list
lemma 1
20 n
lexicon 3
traduction des
via e
jan says
sense discrimination
middle ground
complicated methods
computation process
common class
language teacher
relevant information
object analysis
nition 3
a0a2a1a4a3a5a3a7a6 a3
document instances
also set
marked nodes
loc indicates
higher position
also outputs
uses include
automatically induces
structural tags
classes tend
asymmetric relation
anyone would
left rather
runs use
best answers
mechanisms underlying
dialog progresses
customer care
story link
noun head
graphs also
type unification
knowledge would
likely class
unknown section
salience rating
slot instantiation
node instead
functions hm
plan templates
efficient implementation
rule x
revision system
another arc
rules refer
query composed
hypotheses generated
g fg
document aligned
jape grammars
various wsd
introducing intermediate
estimate performance
dimensions along
units identified
words identical
next theorem
different species
verb descriptions
previous command
typical actions
linear classification
system explicitly
dialogue goals
individual methods
corresponding derivation
transformation algorithm
cient parsing
described algorithms
roughly corresponds
translation provides
g c
la possibilit6
extracting knowledge
implementational issues
construire une
pop transitions
metrics could
grammar conversion
describing changes
configurations using
pos mapping
key factor
k 4
learning situation
using pmi
l 3
speaker provides
grammars thus
acoustic distance
list represents
first opportunity
grammatical form
different expressions
small dataset
case part
level task
f test
lexical triggers
graphical browser
illustrates cases
dong fang
generate questions
process sentences
frequency could
paramount importance
dialogue phenomena
segmentation scoring
null le
bayes classifiers
following document
morphological variations
verbal responses
segmental material
boundary occurs
objects corresponding
nodes introduced
old domain
stream vector
combined probability
respective words
containing non
labelling l
smaller constituents
english chinese
arithmetic expression
cannot report
prior method
h f
alignment spaces
finite form
corpora shows
committee method
shop system
pivot point
structural mapping
basic methodologies
predictive models
reports generated
returns documents
parser analyzes
social conditions
martin kay
tile grammar
unset learner
particular thanks
fact two
probable word
automatic inference
point de
challenge data
explicit use
general thematic
comprehensive structure
paths parsing
missing words
60 texts
une fonction
principled methods
therefore differs
broader classes
new detection
feature np
july 1982
definition clause
system side
order hmms
among trees
subjects claimed
filter energy
svm method
plausible assumption
list e
returns two
weighted overlap
containing slots
id 0
semantic matcher
information independence
stemmed content
document maps
following r
10 times
properties used
september 1991
support many
phrase analyzed
various classes
output sample
tagging algorithms
per corpus
type k
believes q
aligned corpus
conceptual link
3 see
la higuera
second rule
greater depth
weir 1993
lfg notation
matrix event
users appear
window containing
adequate representations
size constraint
separate entry
contains unknown
argument constraint
unlabeled arcs
following experiments
boogaart corpus
transliteration method
carry unwanted
constant used
system responded
congruence closure
free adjunct
adverse drug
snow accumulate
entity occurs
optimal output
final logical
bring back
experiments indicate
female voice
many spoken
overall organization
group number
tagsets used
potential constituent
act cues
solid object
correct application
appropriate interface
establish correspondences
one parenthetical
structuring knowledge
iterative unsupervised
tagging schemes
preferred segmentation
constraints together
bilingual capitalization
regular grammars
finer levels
many software
batch learning
discourse annotations
ed hovy
grammatical categories
variables within
like particles
specified label
implemented model
adar 1984
popular issue
encyclopedic entries
question representation
research paraphrase
captures long
generally increases
target grammars
linguistic findings
style proof
singleton clusters
tile unit
morphosyntactic ambiguity
blei et
america inc
dependency output
corpus statistics
phonotactic grammar
korean transliteration
allow annotators
next use
yield x
treebank makes
accurate assignment
definiteness markedness
propbank data
weighted feature
resulting alignment
constituent head
bracketed report
depart loc
visual scenes
great influence
based kernel
emphasis given
coverage lfg
specific tasks
relative size
performance issues
extracting mwes
supervised methods
audio data
online news
examples described
possible morphemes
standard atis
conservative strategy
final classifier
links emanating
possible poss
estimated reading
system proper
structured symbols
finite trees
data despite
moves along
minimal consistent
sets representing
modifier noun
domain corpora
otherwise incorrect
equational analysis
output parse
disambiguation heuristics
natural task
structural rules
also study
research questions
initial task
industrial collaborators
cd plu
phonological generalizations
ideal size
mississippi state
anne owns
basic flow
system comparisons
traditional ot
mailing list
th child
confusion pairs
cases marked
selected subset
ir baseline
useful knowledge
referent r
either r
correction mechanisms
directed towards
excellent work
processing environments
word mr
prototype speaker
tile relevant
reaction time
carry along
resolution mechanism
translation strategies
interpolation model
word categorizer
whole utterances
line arrows
operating within
deterministic word
parallel architecture
syllable contains
several varieties
particular input
general frames
exhaustively cover
different pronunciation
interpretation mode
best machine
large class
space efficiency
informal tests
disambiguated tags
different implementation
associated pneumonia
document summarizer
prosodic categories
sequence processors
telephone dialogues
extraction effectiveness
prefixes like
minimal paths
machine learner
modified form
expected features
adverbial attachment
interactive odqa
utterance used
quantifying noun
disease outbreaks
allow limited
cosma system
trapping element
increase recall
grammars share
les rdgions
2 report
3 relations
lend support
contains trees
based wsd
significant size
constructed parse
prosodic trees
errors resulting
hierarchical manner
potential interactions
local antecedent
church 1994
applications must
optimal split
use utterances
relation form
passage selection
cun zai
following database
di marco
query treegram
present test
retrieval requirements
et du
european project
syllable level
theoretical concerns
indirect wh
tool intended
whose characteristics
fa structures
marked text
single canonical
sentence symbol
provide facilities
enter text
exploiting non
moving object
cat likes
ci e
set belonging
hypothesized proposition
2 gb
large effort
fast jedem
theorem 5
including syntax
1988 gerald
simple commands
whole language
entry shown
causal segments
heterogeneous collection
selective focusing
three facets
simple request
cast3lb tag
unfolded recognizer
one extension
particular format
test sequences
logical roles
sorted data
define data
anchor set
computer memory
individual topics
grammar expressing
achieved precision
right way
press reportage
took john
experimental setups
ldc gigaword
indefinite case
phrases denoting
summary tallies
language although
narrated h
feature mapping
whole relationship
consistently outperforms
flrst linkage
goal would
database provides
eat apple
pose questions
nice feature
ordre de
probability weight
adaptive sentences
resulting error
home ownership
control systems
segment labels
additional memory
use language
fillers must
un compl
common abstraction
enghsh word
performance based
final intonational
sis system
persuaded bill
lexical stock
instruction system
information nodes
general classes
following principles
formed string
conjunctive relations
function nodes
keywords alone
words provides
relative distance
spoken user
article boundaries
john coleman
single pass
pruning rules
word must
current model
another set
feature elimination
allows people
active forms
categories described
augmented models
latter assumption
system version
candidate descriptions
objects defined
orthographic variant
trees extracted
30 seconds
parser first
excellent precision
inappropriate word
backwards anaphora
segment may
special annotation
transformation function
objective performance
englis h
cg formalism
passage may
user concerning
reducing recall
low fp
average log
procedural expressions
common wisdom
cpu times
sentences fl
general object
one edit
multiple users
relation categories
832 sentences
consensus seems
frequency adjectives
associated definitions
fst model
fragmented sentences
many feature
argument shows
many examples
treebank corpus
data revealed
french generation
coercion functions
content optimizer
hot spotting
several ways
pier marie
better performances
new test
various states
class classifier
old ones
hypothesis verification
chinese lexicon
drug spending
entry contains
semantic indicators
aircraft carrier
versus human
10 documents
notation introduced
prague treebank
general frame
clinical data
annotator consistency
cases lead
original sense
cbl system
bomb attack
different random
wsd algorithm
pipeline framework
ambiguities without
distribution pi
spontaneous goal
treebank approach
although work
2 identifies
less research
correct roles
bronchial cell
errors contained
framework assumed
core delphi
structural risk
kaci et
main objective
particular np
closest clusters
including definite
precision compared
multilingual news
partial synthesis
farwell et
child begins
based score
training svms
email speech
similar case
relaxation technique
several linguists
tfs formalism
precompilation step
based algorithms
making cross
rules used
benoit habert
reduces performance
simple induction
evaluation sample
last morpheme
next turn
data available
locative object
perform nearly
tile authors
hour sessions
classified noun
general decision
school student
change either
query contains
hierarchies using
viterbi probabilities
serve either
direct solution
conceptual view
printed page
training scenarios
logic terms
driven generators
layer matrix
benefit would
similarity comparison
n first
propagation techniques
reduce training
successive pairs
single parsing
predicate could
based filtering
gain information
afosr jointly
text along
annotation includes
antonym pairs
states would
return flights
conflict frames
duc task
simple constituent
adjectives tend
hypertext authoring
sripada et
lines 3
general account
receives activation
based schemes
given stimulus
per day
causality relations
reading results
permanent storage
processing steps
koskenniemi et
tile basis
geographical locations
corpus also
similar difficulty
methods represent
np cc
items resulting
corresponding change
zone classes
two spans
scaled log
form column
useful clues
synonymic relations
5 contains
6 experiments
tagged pos
identify zero
system implements
unique values
specific collocations
principle holds
formal requirements
layer neural
interesting information
recover non
retrieve english
model perform
au lexique
meeting place
1 a0a2a1a4a3a6a5a8a7a10a9a12a11a2a13a15a14a17a16a19a18a12a20a2a21a23a22
first concern
semantic f
bearing constituents
japanese input
translation task
low perplexity
text sense
facto standard
third sessions
process produces
cm parser
gram frequencies
grammar represented
made quite
frequency cutoff
3 corpus
interesting consequences
mouse cursor
global construction
role slots
describe objects
optional parts
groups consisting
surface representation
semantic scattering
likely segmentation
genitive marker
similar spirit
les mots
hit mary
descriptions based
feature like
recognition pattern
document manager
plu set
generic process
introduction machine
include information
antecedent conditions
proper format
normalizing factor
semantic definition
functional relations
one wife
detailed documentation
second non
standard decision
state variation
useful exercise
better knowledge
ring gear
social significance
seem feasible
functional considerations
syntactic formalism
shi tu
manual procedure
seiner tochter
actual precondition
similar argument
procedure simply
testing example
logical connectives
utility measure
based emotion
two speakers
learning verb
words beyond
3 state
items created
triphone models
although precision
best chunk
cause de
lexicon needs
sentence 0
dependency representations
cohesion within
analysis discussed
english japanese
logical reasoning
maximal probability
really needs
base learner
avoid overfitting
example demonstrates
parsable dcg
underlying concept
nist evaluation
cloning operation
without gold
query execution
includes tags
language serves
also treat
level questions
sequence classifier
qui sont
case form
research also
called alignment
character c0
clause begins
n nouns
defining criteria
deterministic bottom
easy matter
satisfy constraint
abeilld et
right constraint
l c
ranking component
words h
tree search
resulting category
web faqs
combine constraints
determining content
big muddy
dialog model
help refine
anchor words
lambda conversion
consistently yield
de transformation
fare restrictions
ranking sentences
multiple instantiations
another study
maintenance procedures
significance threshold
used non
input methods
filtering row
retrieval functionality
filled templates
tourist information
wcaptype 0
representational format
left second
28 ho
bilingual surface
oriented type
side dependents
words fi
whole relation
bilingual correspondence
empty upper
particular need
using transformations
corresponding span
contains productions
question understanding
automatic documentation
level statistics
scene information
formal task
internal relations
sense axis
observed word
fourth position
documents contains
room frame
collins english
conflict score
lattice computation
based transcription
de raisonnement
arc structures
relative length
context l
translation decisions
remain available
resolution routine
best semiring
tree sketches
need evidence
assigning categories
particular tool
rule attached
statistical process
research involved
average search
windowing approach
performs morphological
l use
component scores
items contained
structures rather
particular period
special attributes
directly maps
bigrams whose
present multiple
analysis determines
input fa
performance measured
use relation
thank stuart
lhe set
top side
measure agreement
several surface
possible nps
special class
inductive logic
current question
spatial attributes
two correct
proper np
material associated
summary results
partie du
like sentence
one tense
associated np
additional operations
semantic sets
kursk nuclear
greatest probability
cognitive domains
unstructured text
test succeeds
200 pairs
features 3
default implementation
parsing information
creating training
training utility
column labeled
governing preposition
realization statement
abstract grammar
representation mechanism
phrase would
abbreviation recognition
phenomena identified
entries correspond
walker also
summarizer must
moves forward
whose effect
tile link
normal pronoun
pattern mining
function returning
southern min
categories person
case categories
meaning depends
one predicative
operator allows
binary representation
simplified versions
transcribed telephone
reduce l
classes license
x together
typically allows
word significance
length distribution
treebank version
compressed speech
similitude de
base level
special effort
phrasal alignment
silhouette value
occurrence restrictions
content similarity
equivalent grammar
representations obtained
spanish generation
french exam
contextual data
increased probability
training articles
growing decision
across registers
contain misspellings
hinoki treebank
f1 scores
sentences accepted
recall end
vpc types
ments qui
tie words
alternative heuristic
extraction research
corpus produced
bbn inc
using l
repeated application
sensus ontology
greater sensitivity
longer list
marker discourse
numerous problems
adjacent edges
phonological theory
100 people
words connected
simple information
aspects relevant
rivation des
certain prosodic
history w
classical ir
correspondence method
parsing work
dialogue could
mental dictionary
colonne substantivale
pitch values
p knows
first quarter
labelled sentences
called error
strings whose
negative slope
simple token
midas metric
natural questions
system must
made towards
marker variable
linguistic engineering
initial questions
test fold
parser delivers
observations suggest
meaningful responses
result show
program model
sentence show
new table
scientific documents
form together
procedure checks
user selects
largest improvement
large probability
answer patterns
also access
first vector
xml nodes
full verbs
adverbials modify
type refers
fruit flies
specific sentence
sentence breaking
finding connections
topic seems
nigam et
cooperative qa
works equally
defines two
attributed subgrammar
individuating sets
nonmonotonic inference
correspondence learning
blind alley
represent groups
various case
p sentence
possible measures
grammar coverage
menu item
e holds
old entity
engine using
adjustable parameter
communication switch
r representing
sense selections
paper demonstrate
individual heuristic
new clause
hyponymy link
based mixture
2 information
segmentation scheme
residual inverse
meaning extensions
work indicates
initial statistics
distribution pattern
first demonstration
network corresponds
yield statistically
input either
words whereas
way humans
correction module
particular rules
recognition requires
principle governing
deficient description
scratch ring
pollard 1984
coreference constraints
calculus representation
u nt
framework without
features consider
redundancy problem
predicate adjectives
reasoning activities
semantic prediction
includes rules
discourse level
output formats
religious experience
art item
michael r
complicated examples
exemple en
minimum cluster
functional approach
isomorphic grammars
syntactic grammars
several purposes
entity b
first derivatives
material drawn
quality panel
descriptions referring
informational status
warrant strategy
dimensional analysis
goal rule
index f
training time
morphosyntactic elements
string span
nominal complements
one successor
development work
practical impact
several head
argument forms
attach prepositional
representation design
vp pp
feedback query
detailed explanations
value combinations
best solution
comprehensive description
figurative sense
conceptual interlingua
generative story
biased towards
lfg machinery
mt quality
training speech
try various
7 appear
operation carried
pas en
letter word
possible center
preceding results
actual accuracy
excised subtree
match probabilities
rule introduces
copestake et
nodes become
execution speed
right shows
irredundant solved
sentence undergoes
4 templates
sri transcripts
contextual reference
law texts
stochastic optimization
negative proposition
relations hold
primitive discourse
restricted input
mikrokosmos ontology
segment alignments
mining system
individual feature
cation task
latter cases
indefinite descriptions
basic relations
tough problem
authors propose
generate lists
individual examples
closed derivation
directly modifies
matching document
identifies semantic
machine interpretation
tree weight
corner table
park et
specific aim
learned features
multiple copies
identify texts
unique classes
average polysemy
complete processing
target ontology
english callhome
franzen et
simulations described
modifier crossings
syllables within
paper extends
functional behavior
compilation approach
new derivation
associated mapping
number l
sentences contained
interpretable sentence
tag probabilities
accentual phrase
aligned wordnets
pundit text
germanet classes
recent applications
another role
bottom component
syntactic difference
pronominalization algorithm
coding systems
combination scores
source graph
wordnet group
technical area
similar properties
previous tf
minimal level
matusov et
particular referent
discriminative pruning
full title
numbers would
continued work
nava l
following probabilities
compiler produces
c articles
unique object
pronouncing dictionaries
display window
average weight
situation occurs
sentence realization
datr theories
stative verbs
computer industry
individual adjectives
passive example
entropy translation
using notions
pair like
hybrid search
disfluency detection
continuous enablement
means perfect
type c
axis u
agreement rates
action cannot
lexical functor
desired document
cannot introduce
higher precedence
boundary occurred
proposed n
structure constraint
responses must
trains corpora
single verbal
phenomena seem
organization entities
human corpus
graph construction
multiple heuristics
possible instantiation
phonetic recognition
sarkar et
chain cc
lexical entailment
path corresponding
c j
parsed version
provide distinct
document processing
state phonology
interpretation 2
produce template
task used
related computational
language called
final user
recordings made
coverage morphological
talk show
chain 1
topological properties
anaphoric usage
robin cooper
word phrases
null phrase
specific interpretations
sentence every
documents retrieved
direct hypernyms
caller continuation
small depth
based subsumption
randomly drawn
signs may
four tipster
method attempts
lexical nodes
grammar features
index sets
give scores
comparative object
c grammar
real translation
view 3
core english
observed example
misclassification cost
wsd phase
using counts
press release
diathesis alternation
visual objects
equivalent senses
grammar also
syntax used
empty suffix
measured precision
future time
corner transforms
cannot cope
similar descriptions
verb slots
complex dialogue
deictic terms
detailed comparison
extensional information
computer implementation
boundaries marked
nlg tasks
image sequence
three flights
avoid repetitions
although john
sentences receive
relational algebra
10 digits
future speech
dialogue control
remediation subdialogue
effect template
general differences
major constituent
net may
conditional constraint
corner derivation
query translation
examples 9
performance guarantee
linguistic comparison
8 indicates
yarowsky 1992
consultant project
experimental task
g contains
recalling rate
definite anaphor
expression generation
make translation
use models
candidate realizations
algorithm instead
proper rules
certain actions
social act
guarantee correct
autosem repair
since f
tile view
sense ambiguity
spoken letters
trading points
procedure called
slight differences
supervised examples
sentence depends
speech label
possible document
extract sufficient
previous performance
obligations management
wei ya
group discussion
answer concepts
based apl
figures 12
finite state
distinguishing discourse
identifying entities
based case
data x
independent structure
particular slot
nn learning
deeply center
rule links
imperative clause
build dictionaries
conll training
human behavior
throughput rate
sources used
based engine
defined string
another index
5 lines
presentation order
rules match
enumeration algorithm
syllable boundary
monetary units
dialogue competence
stem final
similarity pairs
harmony processes
expressions extracted
three formats
viewing language
biomedical entities
let l1
th step
typical method
interaction consists
people eat
turn would
difficult decisions
words expressing
concept belongs
textual input
rational numbers
voting strategies
later show
often varies
adequacy scores
acoustic confusability
sentiment retrieval
leaves two
separate lexicons
pairs assigned
preferences cannot
single proposal
original surface
journal treebank
locative case
xml text
automatic comparison
session contains
en un
network traversal
clinical trials
fundamental requirement
alphabetic variance
subjects received
answer validation
promotion set
la cat
students learning
word considered
ordering category
clausal connectives
3 conditions
taigen word
true pos
war ii
minimal assumptions
russian words
fonds zur
position attribute
cohesive unit
question directly
hay onto
training cor
examples clearly
automatic hybrid
main action
suspicious form
relation motivation
accepts l
operations may
essential meaning
weak link
axiom schemes
important goal
initial top
generate additional
reduced errors
label yi
reminded structure
answer aspects
assumption b
also preserves
initial features
propositional language
z h
decidable class
change control
generate regular
basic binary
view supports
strictly context
heldout data
strict correspondence
line language
k denote
basic corpus
valuable comments
pragmatic solution
sided wilcoxon
learning systems
copy node
ending morphemes
multinomial parameters
content plan
translation problem
added functionality
one population
discourse situations
bus service
joint parameter
documents received
speci cs
smoothing term
flee grammar
understanding errors
disambiguation using
sadler 1989
next level
randomized order
derived values
valid readings
figures reported
recent research
abney et
improvement gained
text framing
visual similarity
basic approach
based argument
traditional phrase
component represents
ai b
robust grammar
consequent state
inherent temporal
complete process
jennifer capriati
whole may
purpose attribute
minimal commitment
ontology using
specificity measuring
labeled b
within semcor
act prediction
paths lead
untagged training
sentence correspondence
calendar model
notations used
smaller amounts
redundancy across
analysis element
edge added
original theory
avoid potential
see halliday
relative completeness
three way
stage 1
writing instruction
text surface
text extraction
1 terms
technical documents
uncertainty equation
class sizes
coverage text
topic mixture
practical nlp
6 depicts
phrase rule
aslin et
contain links
recall test
instruction sequences
recursively applies
previous subjective
small corpus
frequency patterns
description words
syntactic components
represent ambiguous
la classe
subsequent experiments
deprel values
relational form
50 topics
surface dependencies
classification variables
names already
bnc using
mesg state
translation coverage
discharge summary
institution sense
early experiments
work instructions
noun within
without normalization
node matches
maps may
finds word
thematic role
phrases inside
developer would
double quotes
tagged set
resulting analyses
grained precision
unique pair
language f
calculating feature
textual ellipsis
corresponding documents
limited human
2 x
un inspectors
de f
phrases automatically
base translation
account long
th b
class 1
ambiguous grammar
selective memorization
hierarchical relations
automatic technique
prior parameters
adorni et
elementary components
process used
one hidden
ongoing project
web without
blackboard control
analysis followed
base path
also call
features c
button links
space needed
whose objects
unisys center
environmental factors
market news
api methods
applies right
first premise
attachment precision
use novel
language definition
linear interpolation
say component
rational relation
electrical circuit
various properties
satisfiability solvers
1 fact
expressions represent
using pure
8 collection
performance model
career development
basic characteristic
subordinate relation
start building
length r
linear discriminative
qa modules
28 aol
created entries
original head
factor represents
cannot construct
unmarked stress
syntagmes nominaux
allows various
mathematical logic
free structure
sentence delimiter
complex reasoning
two diagrams
nouns formed
clusters based
margins parameter
beneficial way
perfect indicator
approaches designed
2000 sentences
generating titles
phrases consisting
parse l
following clark
text theory
one input
inferior performance
focus stack
plan failure
left dependents
many parts
brackets would
constraints according
perform perfectly
many windows
fit together
pmi scores
similar architecture
focus particularly
constituent size
appropriate domain
quantitative measures
order determined
different vocabularies
way possible
pass strategy
recursive relation
rom version
clause introduced
multiple lvcsr
lower number
study whether
performance similar
5 people
x type
entities differ
dependency links
features use
actions whose
la representation
quick check
predicate position
incomplete descriptions
interaction modes
argument alternation
sets provide
two grammar
scoring incomplete
generation researchers
nous devons
ono et
common benchmark
obtain candidate
values according
memory problems
correct surface
longest sentence
relevant nuggets
different deep
correct correspondence
key requirement
vector space
types within
inference functions
subtree depth
name searching
appropriate candidate
language includes
theoretical constraints
derived kernel
variables occurring
time slots
entire translation
associated action
linking hypothesis
bounded length
edge cut
alignment layers
compactly represent
discourse foci
speech converter
concept acquisition
accuracy close
names usually
lx signal
kim laughed
element task
theory implies
form type
generate co
support several
random context
source verb
set tree
right dependency
detecting word
length normalized
tags correct
feature instantiations
approach models
mention pair
first document
high throughput
taking properties
information found
sentences appeared
group includes
best hypernyms
first session
strong correspondence
system easier
computational grammar
fundamental tasks
alternative output
scoring path
full input
partial score
second run
binary dependencies
successful conclusion
le system
annotation provides
mixed bag
industry standards
missing feature
general lexicon
sie die
stochastic variable
problems discovered
upper section
constant time
noun law
straightforward idea
constraint 3
capability allows
events linked
morphemic analysis
best f1
r analysis
optional noun
drug contexts
discrete structures
syntactic analysis
coarticulation models
second layer
tree results
saw piet
linear correlation
expression using
procedure includes
whose similarity
constituent within
pattern applies
produce tile
memory units
sequence 1
time bounded
bilingual spanish
type appears
parameter update
topical segmentation
automated translation
magnitude smaller
untranslated words
uppercase letters
right angle
list sequence
chains formed
beihang dictionary
specific thesaurus
tags allowed
bigram table
high interest
first r
mary saw
translation features
important topic
equivalent formulations
features allows
different mt
current demonstration
restricted rules
popular ones
segment n
translation also
side represents
aligned phrases
corpus co
flexible means
best translations
sentence adjuncts
lexicon learner
explicit confirmations
1996 reuters
tag j
facilitate knowledge
corresponding structure
decoding pass
paper sketches
first experiments
performance deteriorates
call domain
digressive question
several key
iterative aspect
topic case
level fb
content attribute
relevant links
ambiguity due
concurrent uni
three courses
sets one
order 0
systems containing
subject extracted
momentum term
search makes
thesaurus called
dvd player
sentence interpreter
early withdrawal
replacement noun
system gathers
search starts
sentence alone
entity mentions
reference location
asynchronous production
application object
input feature
daelemans combination
user view
tag grammar
input examples
standard lexicon
cancedda et
template used
create dictionaries
paired test
components exist
access methods
automaton associated
girl bruce
recent muc
representation increases
attribute types
features 10
pose considerable
man eats
scopes outside
summative assessment
increase precision
algorithmic reversibility
sparse nature
different atoms
machinery used
output shows
textual ambiguity
handle arbitrary
algorithms would
value selection
place verbs
system considered
discuss three
determiner may
latter fact
one month
based encyclopedia
grammar parsers
tabula rasa
derived nominals
e muc
definite referring
also problems
nous consid
particular users
concept relation
current distribution
paper begins
relevant literature
directed speech
figure 22
students often
topic difficulty
ratnaparkhi 1996
timing results
words wj
linguistic applicability
french vp
translation across
languages based
total weight
serious theory
several filters
tagged brown
signal space
suffixal morphemes
grants iis
existing work
reusable resources
salience weight
describe types
fullform lexicon
guided mode
columns report
hierarchical approach
component sets
normal position
statistic information
2 crossing
reranking techniques
appropriate production
mechanical translation
mathematical concepts
typically contains
authentic language
describe techniques
example 2c
true value
robust alternative
five tokens
content types
html layout
development phases
trigger features
pos analysis
check ps
approach may
propagation mechanism
derived classes
automata may
english parser
corpus pattern
scope ambiguities
ambiguous attachment
main trends
following time
j number
many concepts
nodes whose
base list
recall table
np complements
sites would
departure airport
error statistics
systems cannot
grammars need
address robustness
case restoration
explosive growth
performance question
modal status
following speech
full np
temporal signals
frequent form
search might
subjectivity extraction
item units
strategy involves
difficult problem
methods make
information generated
logically implies
nict location
argument occurs
parsed texts
study provide
method improves
entry specifies
give e
thus enables
value may
seed set
linguistic items
mims students
joint sequence
central entity
categories describe
new ie
component incorporates
set collected
infrastructure needed
discourse referents
transitivity alternation
component described
segmental k
features turn
defined category
accuracy curve
error problem
one program
oil burner
every text
discourse boundary
les param
porter stemmer
crucial feature
l contains
two senses
simple vs
shallow approach
predicate formation
based descriptions
ocr software
carlo disambiguation
simple intransitive
represent real
toy grammar
structured terminology
one daughter
minimizes h
factor sets
resolve oa
single phase
many aspects
epistle system
matrix element
paul yesterday
applications mentioned
chinese segmenters
two attachment
scope interpretation
region information
occurrence detection
scores described
parser outperforms
another call
et des
diagnostic information
xml data
second condition
put fp
pearl harbor
reliable evaluation
l level
logarithmic scale
program determines
identifying relationships
100 classes
proposition communicated
either contain
property also
new result
appropriate ones
units according
either occur
following segment
format makes
general linguistic
human beings
n fsi
expansion factor
pa dimension
inexperienced users
much corpus
th best
prolog 2
first principles
icsi corpus
500 sentence
one need
true interruptions
topic acceptance
semantic parses
string structure
trofi algorithm
2 vs
major bottlenecks
5 specifies
standard would
terms assigned
set tagged
unique argument
comparative difficulty
monolingual fragments
following discourses
model word
including cases
least set
intervening sentence
5 hours
30 utterances
eutrans project
word sentences
provided answer
research goals
single action
inevitably leads
voice recognizer
network grammars
alignment aj
one tool
uncertainty involved
either speech
backup mechanism
one tuple
yielding results
second sub
overall progress
sra rule
one ambiguity
stochastic complexity
dependent heuristics
front ends
search corpus
complicated patterns
scheme could
previous material
parsing succeeded
good reliability
optimisation problem
two dictionaries
particular instantiations
realistic tasks
successive iteration
ir performance
researchers working
dialogue capabilities
obtained accuracy
classes found
qui leur
entire file
naive theory
enhance robustness
already achieves
one discourse
ary function
corpus presented
insulin dependent
second suite
search approach
time interactive
prevent false
clustering decision
something called
reasonable responses
recall dropped
selector function
gpsg parsing
structure templates
phrasal heads
parser computes
linguistic terminology
successful proof
closest cluster
tall man
hayes 1969
nested constituents
selecting candidate
two modalities
also cases
name finding
multiple markers
fewer documents
standard linguistic
system trained
necessary step
problem follows
anaphoric connection
spoken content
le compl
document describes
one conversational
unsolved problems
assume sentence
finite subsets
branching a0
capacity interval
sense preferences
text except
acceptability judgements
individual patterns
ou pour
web applications
level entities
research space
unit processor
different tasks
gram recall
constituent length
conditions could
semantic strategies
transcategorial approach
definition 14
bracketed string
nested belief
syntagmatic relationships
computational dictionaries
closure results
difficulty distinguishing
1990 shieber
semantic markup
complex user
specific hardware
grammar entry
test indicates
architecture consists
parse exactly
best clusters
passive lexical
intonation units
50 examples
collocational patterns
condition imposed
null based
experiment one
alternative representations
point distribution
speech codes
word binding
barry et
adequate knowledge
arpa mt
english tends
sense annotation
studies suggest
simple string
p given
appropriate elementary
messages sent
translations used
module starts
apple computer
towns et
guage model
comparing noun
lemma 3
level mixtures
whose origin
another individual
syntactic subcategorization
unsegmented texts
basic science
research presented
often generates
alignment configurations
perceptual contrast
get reliable
include speaker
activation models
verbs allow
parser augmented
corpus requires
right antecedent
encodes lexical
four iterations
annotated gold
final bunsetsus
tl output
invalid collocations
new complex
underlined text
based recall
transcribed using
grammars like
simple arithmetic
close relationship
state approximations
per source
true set
evaluation standard
information relative
aligned source
unit set
al 1992
parallel rather
standard tri
developmental stages
daal 03
stack depth
linear use
branch 3
derivability relation
whose plan
generate context
system really
defined number
specific situation
component currently
scoping possibilities
theme slot
branching articles
added features
good method
new area
x according
public distribution
found instances
incorporate multiple
supporting evidence
hypothesis sentence
type shown
including phrase
third singular
und b
completed edges
linguistic styles
indexation algorithm
ellen riloff
typical choice
atomic attribute
speaker considers
strings w
function association
explicit boundary
induction approach
tag instead
extended hmm
sentences give
temperature range
tag dictionaries
following alternative
tipster effort
three challenges
alternative repair
improve robustness
story trees
wouhl like
recognition work
lexical data
excellent teacher
conceptual form
railway station
seed words
rule 2
linguistics lexical
wqsum test
feb 89
select data
traditional descriptive
original spanish
segments could
features etc
triggering effect
class classification
subtle distinction
good learning
annotation task
five relations
error also
je pense
null term
multilingual coreference
based architecture
6 contain
accurate enough
economic crisis
dialogue patterns
le fleuve
singleton pairs
frequent tokens
life situations
porter 1980
stems may
tile part
available alignment
cues observed
whose inclusion
standard html
column two
dominant chaining
stories discuss
naturally supports
analyzer takes
double figure
current instantiation
single formalism
1 create
simply ignores
main limitation
parser working
given vertex
classes generated
comparison attribute
character window
requirements described
joint task
following guidelines
editing tool
explicit list
using v
little significance
binot disambiguating
target group
7 indicates
trees directly
master files
biggest challenges
data developed
root clauses
answering performance
good keywords
output forms
atomic types
printed rumors
interior lcp
act 9
hospital discharge
subjective judgments
promotion agency
h denotes
ones mentioned
whose variables
lisp function
syllable classes
present workshop
type contains
relations holds
one referent
tree nodes
resulting f
words away
related work
direct effects
generation occurs
function labels
condition required
structured type
visiting scientist
neighboring characters
new usage
automatic taggers
1 de
model event
similar improvements
algorithm consistently
discriminative approach
decision forest
300k words
agent makes
verb 4
positive sentence
tasksuccess dialogues
number per
two agreement
trees onto
predicted labels
e english
works top
plausibility factor
preverb sur
adverb modifying
processing constraints
parser always
partial case
activation may
works also
antecedent sentences
embedding grammar
another member
indicated stimulus
type level
structure maps
information may
problem sets
question phrase
current document
statement types
function may
generator design
many programming
462 adjectives
constraint needs
constituents need
test collection
level pattern
silence information
information first
annotation decisions
project manager
function first
various realizations
2006 association
vague notion
abduction scheme
die ladezeit
key benefit
2000 pairs
thus serve
student speech
smo algorithm
inflectional system
partie des
computer magazine
appropriate entity
word vector
contain 2
manual parse
produce higher
rate falls
category using
aviation domain
nucleus accent
gives satisfactory
relevance agents
individual concepts
additional structures
pair exists
back pointer
context node
communicate information
two formulations
parallel network
examples per
target field
adaptation using
semantic task
preliminary step
r one
problematic dialogue
securities laws
concept may
instantiated rules
range records
judgement per
valid iff
motional references
recording equipment
proportional relation
feature passing
level learners
store intermediate
visible icon
vectors consisting
related stems
output utterance
include acoustic
machines used
complicated aspects
cal entry
serious drawback
harry bunt
require computation
distinct instances
also perform
sequence classification
similarity according
wordnet 1
applications utilizing
verbs 1
data annotated
act sequence
strapparava et
adverbials etc
response items
complex named
communication group
constrained lexicon
main heuristics
problem described
symbolic expressions
tion model
tree branches
linguistic type
distribution information
vidal et
reliable set
virtual copy
600 entries
correct roots
traditional term
opposition entre
current experiments
algebraic specifications
trec collection
editing rules
identify morphemes
different collocations
precision threshold
template match
includes heuristics
verb excel
last system
different blocks
experience also
training processes
plan structure
length probabilities
value metric
sense class
stack state
using score
highest information
sections 6
initiative spoken
using algorithms
word sentiment
engineering environment
certain method
general rule
center party
parse grammatical
intelligent system
compiling rewrite
korean information
intonation phrase
car hire
dialogue participant
highest token
mapping approach
lead baseline
satis ed
find analyses
property lists
system mentioned
frame description
correct key
control text
phonological distance
androgen receptor
plausible word
page 1
another transducer
supports another
glue together
competitive learning
national taiwan
unit words
morphological criteria
hoc abbreviation
values ranging
decoding speed
new results
selective adjoining
close relation
pipelined architectures
using node
act markup
experiencer verbs
approaches work
sentence complements
distinction appears
limited amount
perform feature
fixed pattern
two ontologies
rules 12
greater expressive
per sentences
contain knowledge
aligned sentences
female human
larger percentage
tenfold cross
asterisk marks
argumentation strategy
string edit
grammatical inference
several distance
1 word
null de
university corpus
scfg rule
multimodal cfg
features shown
using trigrams
forms provide
patterns discovered
preceding utterances
guided marker
extra parameters
correct date
many noun
back transliteration
five corpus
part two
chance accuracy
old lady
lists two
every data
keith vander
first reduction
entropy score
temporal flow
right parenthesis
stephan oepen
agent explicitly
work partially
elu lexicon
order theory
java servlet
day period
external process
sample task
textual elements
baseline methods
decreases sharply
verb expression
grammar space
candidates exist
enough flexibility
independent events
term variation
important way
fluent text
korean compound
dictionary project
important dimension
performs operations
standard rule
english senseval
goal without
real object
certain keywords
complex shapes
third chart
product words
cohen 1978
reliable system
gr value
chains containing
understanding problem
ce syst
root root
job offers
whose scope
certain restrictions
classify verbs
formed formulae
using resnik
alignment variable
one conversation
english versus
null main
heuristic models
methods appear
paper introduced
pa1 np
related subject
wegen kindererziehung
pronoun within
primitive steps
disjunctive formula
sentence someone
categories per
search term
finding supports
key sentence
parsing literature
des donn6es
employ information
recursive procedure
fisher corpus
second research
greedy agreement
table showing
system estimates
initial goals
including terms
vector retrieval
current database
whose types
agent approach
physics knowledge
table ii
three dependency
phrase plays
using frequencies
never occurs
task time
example list
trees including
briscoe 95
among phrases
dependency knowledge
three templates
storage period
rules reported
clusters similar
complex theoretical
put x
reorder operators
also enables
generators must
second approximation
monolingual documents
simple variant
potential number
known roots
simple acoustic
paraphrases may
additional requirement
english fragment
weighting algorithm
whose weights
language provides
one hypernym
usual practice
across topics
results partially
executive vice
principal subject
dialogue aspects
called whenever
features contains
last words
theiler stage
k f
cases one
constituents like
barker et
supertag ambiguity
intentional knowledge
noisy channel
semantic taxonomies
h z
multiple processors
vp syntax
use n
like verb
parsing mode
final stop
query node
missing parts
argument b
subject words
native probability
pairs associated
chunk bracketing
randomized algorithm
approach relates
practical uses
tests fail
2 links
dimensional array
rna polymerase
primary label
directly describes
word movement
possible targets
positional difference
initial space
list questions
bilingual ne
plan thus
enablement relation
amplitude features
feature generation
organizing text
driven mt
relevant place
suitable computational
new axes
restrictive condition
english system
various improvements
time 4
score per
affixed forms
patient must
definitions following
later date
object 1
possible cb
local extension
one line
stress falls
identification issues
iob tag
space vectors
romanian texts
les deux
paul martin
frequency credit
author using
avons choisi
manner since
adverbial form
schema called
concepts per
resolution might
actually change
interpretations using
state q
realistic setting
esprit project
based decoder
simple mode
restricted class
tense selection
given condition
certain communicative
input indicates
record extraction
access control
corresponding constructions
intera project
protein kinase
moves within
deed concept
table simply
verb raced
system operating
plnlp english
separate patterns
ps u
various slots
ensemble parse
expressions make
average text
daily newspapers
performs simple
level relationships
thank jan
starting cut
whereas verbs
sequences extracted
location j
markovitch 1993
different sentence
accuracy remains
2 bs
rules ill
researchers agree
spelling variations
microelectronics template
picture shows
lors de
verbal concepts
tong yi
heads within
generative dependency
radiology reports
three instances
input parts
mother translation
european parliament
coherent enough
choice mechanism
shows sample
identify cross
different setting
path effects
latter word
blood culture
specific verb
phoenix module
surface phrase
question terms
level context
1983 dan
relation inference
augmented parse
differences within
novel bootstrapping
heuristic may
called f
improvements applied
flights available
matching time
occurred words
include number
french surface
two ibm
research report
wrong analyses
relevant knowledge
c cannot
model scoring
occurrence neighborhoods
positional indexing
attachment error
original size
search must
link rules
f0 contour
produce errors
word bank
statistical annealing
grammar manually
satisfaction method
called definition
tags instead
special application
connectionist system
linguistic diversity
contain clues
pursue discourse
noun occurring
consonants may
research could
indefinite subject
coefficient based
hepburn system
law distribution
final item
intuitions would
parametric variation
lexicon list
information mainly
ner identification
frame utterances
base object
47 cases
identifies six
reflexive verb
answer specification
limited experiments
cooccurrence probabilities
score v
simpler language
technical translator
smaller subset
given expression
separate representations
knowledge relating
primary cancer
idas project
affect detection
humans may
de su
path lengths
4 times
program calculates
construction des
one annotation
clause refs
syntactic generality
tile form
important constraint
utterances 2
semantic classifications
sentence boundaries
dictionary booklet
basic phrases
complementary perspectives
specific orientation
directory names
programme committee
narrative reports
line cursive
dialog database
model prefers
different religions
application lexicon
historical development
sennheiser microphone
identification based
represent rules
forms using
objects together
english words
marketed today
frame language
gr set
bbc news
antecedent recovery
coreference occurs
1 bottom
50 split
june 17
length a0
20 ms
child language
text size
generated list
crucial parts
someone says
leisure activities
information metric
names given
fixed context
mainly deals
paths starting
time expression
der mechaniker
german subject
significant modifications
variables mapping
lexical association
5 states
entity recognized
plausible model
help locate
time flies
1 example
coarse senses
lead one
proposed methodology
surface relations
redundant features
queried proposition
static locative
state skip
unlike standard
database entry
interval e
domains whose
repetition probability
lexieal look
a65 words
phonetic search
parts 6
candidate expression
japanese segmentation
linguistic reference
systems employed
significant speed
squares algorithm
types occurring
general non
close association
data confirm
age processing
small phrases
extraction described
brand word
direct comparison
presents results
memory based
outputs represent
1 model
additional tasks
general improvements
achieves precision
translation confidence
second muc
discourse object
clauses 1
system utilizing
judicious choice
prepositional attachment
trained crf
inner nodes
full annotation
criteria discussed
diagram illustrates
character trigram
dm uses
depth study
partial descriptions
tentative conclusion
3 sentences
new certainty
phrase without
e represents
verb governing
three dots
hierarchy could
tone transcription
collins parses
scientific paper
constant bound
system produces
response type
metaphoric use
using semcor
specifi c
word creation
people generally
tagging work
original distance
a1 nom
different interpretations
make global
corresponding events
words relate
possible speech
attribute mechanism
temporal reading
challenge lies
verbs without
lexical semantic
25 test
parameter pooling
voice driven
biliteral roots
single components
files using
tm database
integers representing
separating hyper
scenario 2
europarl parallel
lines respectively
supplementary features
complicated noun
weak ones
cant correlation
format must
fluent utterances
tree metrics
expressions related
language engineers
cadre du
class content
two design
value functions
noise robustness
maintenance tasks
neg feature
derived lexicon
victim slot
ontology integration
test word
providing domain
expected information
pronominal res
commencer le
constituent occurring
centroid value
discriminating among
probabilities obtained
affect parameters
schema definition
content representation
achieve accuracy
5 illustrates
sense probability
parent language
bilingual dictionary
biomedical information
syntactic group
proper atomic
set satisfying
task guidelines
every leaf
actual reference
art ir
embedding link
correct boundaries
text within
corpus revealed
brian roark
value equal
standard non
consistent assignments
appropriate positions
12 ft
lexical labels
type discipline
multiple dialogue
e e
huang et
multiple roles
length j
half million
aspectual value
phonetic script
good choice
separate concepts
path ending
frame numbers
examples produced
individual noun
certain lexico
input concepts
using subsumption
st c
class item
response rates
secondary task
disambiguation depends
bipartite graphs
dem frank
correct style
different ratios
oov rate
parsing perspective
pragmatic effects
supervised crf
chomsky 1980
maximum gain
address two
orientation sequence
top sentences
connectivity among
ilp systems
possible segment
20 instances
bioliterate system
free input
benefit greatly
value n
conjunctions etc
dynamic recognition
mapping conditions
based rst
automatic adhoc
first a0
finding antecedents
a13 a11
sentences extracted
three minor
strong boundaries
pinyin names
following transfer
two bombing
rational agent
child whose
frame acquisition
chodorow et
long noun
uniform model
plays two
control data
alarm system
databases available
overall computation
two cells
corpus available
likelihood estimation
sentence punctuation
handle long
affix features
simply fails
node relations
representation makes
feature using
idea one
anaphoric phenomenon
probabilistic parser
formalism proposed
best accuracy
continue development
appropriate criterion
four languages
notre module
xrr plus
dialect variation
kit et
use six
binary relations
three coreference
stem word
statistical characterization
standard declarative
scenario knowledge
end syntactic
specified value
story corpus
a32 a29a65a33
unordered dependency
lc 1
morphological parses
increment facts
given alignment
wo men
clausal complements
separate aspects
matin du
using case
features improve
generation process
ground rules
100 thousand
changes include
id tree
tagging precision
recognition subsystem
syntagmatic information
null model
clausal pauses
node depth
sample questions
200 random
process trace
holiday inn
blaise pascal
syntactic field
semantic vicinity
accommodate different
logical treatment
letter followed
five conditions
number 7
adhoc queries
module must
particular difficulties
paths traversed
one cp
perfect coverage
nps per
structures called
different answer
interpretation errors
ticket price
offer two
analysis concerning
became president
negation free
antecedent pairs
contour principle
cooperative agreement
ne evaluation
technical writing
information relates
another fact
inference engines
one class
retrieval context
croft et
latter example
syntactic notion
configuration used
generate information
algorithm require
null similar
tree language
critical mass
mail messages
stack must
4 documents
character offsets
sample statistics
hierarchy heuristic
primary advantage
language task
articulation data
selects tbr
single analysis
alignment procedure
indicative present
suffix beginning
pronominal coreference
category symbol
page classification
substantial coverage
original ne
presentation phase
stage k
system measures
name component
coefficient de
candidate alignment
whose members
obligatory constituents
merge states
syntax interface
including zero
representation might
right process
specialised version
less training
incorrect grammar
direct children
chapter 9
extraction summarization
ir tools
product operator
ancestor lines
using g
structure equations
intelligent access
gleich der
ignore irrelevant
space systems
lexical nouns
bigram results
given query
translation bureaus
summary selection
use cost
european names
explicit object
line gives
syntactic aspect
axioms could
cfg parsing
annotation features
default setting
acid test
contain tile
following processes
question based
work discussed
uses methods
categories produced
node might
rhetorical schemas
annotation also
type fixes
efficient recognition
question asks
versus 40
collative semantics
unit sequences
anaphoric relation
surface side
larger lexicons
functional component
meaning dictionary
temporal relations
verb comes
meaning tree
child relation
hierarchical phrases
match cannot
candidate summary
real case
overlapping trigrams
candidate paraphrases
table called
corpus information
analogical reasoning
cross references
potential knowledge
grammar could
chain 3
context required
also zero
preference principle
subset 1
joint features
steps followed
erroneous tags
connected component
global weighting
crucial aspects
full class
correct treatment
recognition rate
dummy words
vectors instead
free online
probabilistic weighting
1 question
connected sentences
context ck
conceptual approach
level commands
embedded level
basic source
presuppositional semantics
information agent
given error
external structure
query engine
document title
assessment scores
like systems
every semantic
resolution based
275 rules
original length
referential features
position index
independent discourse
depth understanding
tf value
senses via
extracted tuples
model discussed
origin words
majority label
disjunctive specifications
terms associated
eschenbach et
discourse initial
misleading words
weak form
first time
global evaluation
structure change
recognition string
space search
annotation across
way p
word used
architecture facilitates
outside values
much confusion
certain choice
core fes
independent variable
accent theory
null lapata
corpora thus
test event
acquisition may
communicative signals
est venu
argument places
note several
kernel machine
expression depends
explicit account
results discussed
future perfect
partially order
one providing
display purposes
model lexical
summary may
make judgements
event 1
determine prosodic
proposition analyzer
probability models
analysis techniques
objective measure
frequency cut
segmentation unit
possible bindings
list produced
dont imperatives
agent must
nikl knowledge
next frame
subsumption tests
sre expansion
kiguan akikan
framework allows
scenario template
programming skills
nodes outside
individual lord
field containing
engineering problem
rate voice
marc moens
japanese generation
dependency label
basic lcs
summaries consisting
eh r
realize information
industrial technology
uef ng
a10 a16
set terminal
mt group
recall results
language forces
best comparison
sanfilippo et
high variance
excellent discussion
object tuples
final chart
hiroko ga
orthographic errors
representation approach
ill c
expected position
single ontology
real argument
candidate error
data 2
kh kh
extraneous words
two matches
selected threshold
used measure
comparing p
among sentences
synthesized utterances
considerable improvement
english make
prosody prediction
expressions including
additional benefit
system segmented
x subj
rewritten stories
aerospace engineering
baseline heuristic
average numbers
expected output
optimizing parameters
prenominal modi
experiment tests
set obtained
approaches fail
semantic features
baggia et
verbal noun
specific systems
refined alignment
uses manually
voice database
model determines
occurring utterances
text length
object classification
identical structures
dependency construction
parsing performances
zero entries
units smaller
formal context
en outre
medical experts
p systems
see briscoe
understand english
probability selection
first segment
elements without
consonant inventories
thus determine
expressions appear
selectional rules
imelda transform
gram precision
0 data
specified set
e described
human sentences
structures f
practical significance
trees perform
appropriate solution
center continuation
advisory dialogue
conversion error
default interpretations
close bracket
erroneous predictions
three abstract
uses either
tactile map
actual testing
travail de
writer defines
seed facts
cv templates
difficult phenomena
generic tool
sas screen
dynamic situation
referent cannot
either produce
k parameter
words methods
normalization model
texts often
commands node
null question
good parameters
global value
occurring language
consistent word
2 discusses
richer notion
editing effort
proposals made
slide presentation
multimodal corpus
medial syllables
misleading responses
nominal wordforms
words remaining
level constituent
identification failures
baseline feature
linearization rows
coffee machine
meeting types
aspectual system
translations contain
sentence talks
relationship type
contexts without
numeric attributes
speech strings
office space
ith row
proper correction
marque de
linguistic expertise
ff c
clauses without
multimedia database
third turn
visual representation
learner makes
mesh term
appropriate semantics
great deal
resources makes
similar condition
simulated users
use parse
learner starts
several tag
substantial room
abstract form
function n
product review
ambiguous part
interval durations
spectral equalization
different recognition
noun definitions
syntactic fields
glottal cycle
bene ciary
incorrect senses
cognitive model
recognized words
probability may
constituency information
diverse syntactic
disambiguate polysemous
best technique
tree relation
ellipsis cases
every target
automatic procedures
n classifiers
coreferenc e
c ones
pair using
chosen rule
act z
extensive effort
100 stimulus
computation load
reported scores
rhetorical roles
mes de
constructivist approach
modifying nouns
report promising
combinatorial potential
discusses two
meyers et
1991 darpa
appropriate corresponding
greater amount
accurate disambiguation
class 3
many mappings
solution seems
system r
achieved f
without disambiguation
preand post
output devices
whose mother
si jean
per session
incorrect attachment
ip complement
hybrid language
technical program
ie evaluation
support word
subsequent mention
chart produced
new description
central computer
highest bleu
prosodic component
recognize tables
smoothing distribution
best altavista
part description
words occuring
tool designed
paraphrase classes
since questions
every kind
alone systems
parsing knowledge
contains sentences
whose average
differ somewhat
f language
linguistic advantages
grammatical predicates
figures 5
target material
valence principle
machine lexicon
feature schemas
statistical tool
also aims
pereira categorial
high importance
stating constraints
highest rate
infinitival marker
strict tree
general inferencing
together components
two disambiguation
algorithm eliminates
et qui
trigram modeling
monotonous search
labeling literals
pass along
linguistic operations
generate partial
additional sentence
nouns form
improve tagging
related paraphrases
simpler models
affix lists
view translation
chinese family
selection system
th century
process ill
tile author
a62 order
two part
extract chinese
classifier pair
basic component
focusing algorithms
la phrase
increasing demand
best grafting
orthographic environment
bushy paths
svm results
examples required
system marks
corpus position
generic rules
equivalent cfg
question de
promising area
headed string
basic sentences
simple knowledge
interlingua system
entire vi
complex content
sets 1
broad domain
sentence tree
novel method
8 pgoc
words manually
unrestricted vocabulary
research grant
genus information
grammar satis
algorithmic methods
bunsetsu pairs
build trees
using properties
store efficiency
terminology management
haga clic
models along
discourse ordering
verb vk
next pair
english sequences
subject preference
gpsg formalism
citation form
important subset
temporal behavior
wright et
abstract categories
formalisms include
insufficient time
000 bi
example decision
containing e
distribution modelling
swedish telecom
frame models
tagging programs
korean alphabet
marc luria
drops dramatically
dysfluency annotation
propositional constituents
individual module
vertical relations
meteer 1992
extended pos
language well
abstract trees
different expansion
multiple stacking
processing theory
linguistic activity
preprocessed string
larger feature
hypergraph grammars
method reduces
expanded node
initial constituent
user contributions
additional learning
learn word
line strategy
ambiguity associated
variants within
extensive experimental
description defines
a3 a4
state table
rank distribution
structures described
target hmguage
assign type
building information
g ham
realization constraints
cyclic derivations
classifying word
branching processes
eight subjects
wn 1
set corresponds
verification task
retrieval request
show improvements
ch feature
matter expert
different structuring
parser expectations
trains domain
understood correctly
compositional analysis
powerful tools
speech parser
routing performance
individual agents
preceeding context
input noun
stylistic terms
final tipster
pairs test
small sentences
different speaking
complete input
also word
boundaries using
specify word
semantic pointer
introduce multiple
weight w
ist ein
step c
ney smoothed
simulation experiments
pronunciation variation
x cat
decreasing score
burton 1976
implemented grammar
complex determiners
add items
previous k
binary version
approach lies
approximate em
absolute thresholding
nine countries
produce well
full richness
corresponding discourse
online resources
vector representations
one probability
boundary ambiguity
using descriptions
nn search
de ilarraza
problem commonly
frame selection
widespread agreement
rete networks
conventional logics
corpus x
following candidate
close resemblance
translation could
numex phrases
une des
text transcriptions
algorithms run
rule transducers
robust manner
de certains
5 thousand
processing purposes
specified words
second observation
current cb
projection method
statistical rules
dominance chains
shorter time
energy function
structure matching
system used
certain parameters
approaches differ
f whose
proposed modification
entire argument
atis spoken
multiple cycles
user intentions
triangle matrix
day et
document characterization
system towards
relies solely
orthographic conversion
nonempty frontier
learner corpus
level information
global neg
one segmentation
a110 a27
3 refer
symbolic structures
discounting factor
different stress
markov independence
perceptual grouping
similar ideas
transfer operations
whose representation
complement analysis
language questions
one filler
complexity increases
luce elettrica
transcribed user
relative quality
rules assume
new layers
military action
prototype built
label 1
guide future
grammar perplexity
upper corner
document input
describing locations
machine would
produce full
el el
total utterances
correct tree
elephant hates
verb begin
matrix grammar
e person
dominance relationships
approximate match
maximum posterior
r ih
questions often
additional auxiliary
boundary predictions
connectionist approaches
mixed results
use basic
collection pair
illocutionary force
discussion group
spam filtering
official journal
entity tool
grounding interaction
compute scores
take np
prolog provides
angle formed
first mention
th input
two axiom
analysis applied
preliminary conclusions
dictionaries use
principles apply
algorithm adds
relation identified
implementation assumes
multilingual documents
language statistics
provide significant
a6 a1
two camps
lower overall
ssp value
tim phrase
kaum dab
dimensional scaling
pin 36
john went
snn score
noun np
researc h
people learning
deeper embedded
recognition literature
comps list
measure approach
different hardware
linear translation
pattern data
la premi6re
qualitative observations
developing techniques
week period
vi models
recent past
conjunctive postposition
class priors
l object
collect human
real reason
word fj
training nlp
whose denotations
stored cases
skeletal grammar
extensive syntactic
state labeled
cfhy p
context consists
30 subjects
c form
salt near
kbird rule
e ac
total language
realistic situation
minutes long
represent class
gain ratio
n particular
dictionary representation
referent candidate
qui ne
monotonically decreases
omission would
story must
remaining error
starting points
l score
focus structures
simple template
structural connectives
enough words
distinguished predicate
also guarantee
conceptual conditions
sentence meaning
explanation design
penman sentence
stronger evidence
edge el
new light
whereas discourse
wendy bought
keyword analyzer
sometimes cannot
feature symbol
source nodes
tile corpus
identification model
example pair
pronoun occurring
output process
text rewriting
atr dialogue
boundary rules
maximum skip
schutze 1998
small prototype
recognition mode
confusable words
better parser
always look
computing dialogue
description logic
variables representing
correcting misconceptions
n ranking
ii l
complete np
textual presentations
mckelvie et
built semi
full resolution
different situation
fixed token
parallel analyses
logical meaning
wrong prediction
loglinear models
explicit ordering
tile approach
negative relevance
official answer
global system
step allows
bootstrap system
see buckley
que ces
various network
two foot
elaborate methods
signal representations
explicit differences
base lexicon
initiating event
wenn die
elementary meanings
semcor bias
speech evaluation
see example
rapid response
system obtains
tile state
eine hohe
mor e
overall contribution
used c
concepts required
recognize chinese
generated decision
infinite strings
paraphrase pair
10 attributes
tree models
control may
every proposition
mt performance
semantic parsers
following production
incorrect scf
binomial likelihood
language coverage
x becomes
discontinuous spans
truth maintenance
new scenario
referring anaphora
towards integrating
precision rules
memory model
v given
calculus based
onset consonant
labeled np
kernel matrix
recency effect
right structure
containing sets
since top
sophisticated algorithms
using recall
via co
morphological disambiguator
findings obtained
fast food
since features
new language
runtime performance
designing language
learning data
noun tags
reciprocal translations
conceptual collocation
language inputs
model element
ratio tests
overall evaluation
george miller
jue liao
lsa sentence
frequency profiles
collective nouns
likelihood path
monolingual counterparts
experiment 1
ten human
easily represent
clearly benefit
multiple extensions
scope ordering
following changes
constraint c1
speaker overlap
support model
product feature
scope differences
line connecting
temporal progression
answer points
lg parser
cp method
two meters
much human
earlier proposals
g g
appendix gives
specificity level
temporally overlaps
mate proposals
communicative intent
ending time
current time
une transformation
tutorial explanations
key strokes
substitutable words
display key
pattern found
oriented theories
induced relations
structure null
form becomes
ranked analyses
minor change
word experiment
independent elements
total numbers
management functions
idiosyncratic gaps
v matrix
cellular component
processing burden
detection net
current speech
tree selection
name pairs
baseline performs
syntactic inconsistencies
crafted system
model conversations
analysis operates
e training
subsequential transducers
templates using
constituent np
occurrence triples
thematic assignments
word corpora
lead fields
explicit argument
subjects would
says phone
left subtrees
four values
term associated
first digression
transition diagram
spokesman john
event classification
indicative sentence
correct meaning
case component
welch training
evaluation step
million parameters
tagged terms
green apples
n arguments
repair words
semantic determinacy
men jie
automatic pronunciation
words leads
access dialogues
test wsj
reformulated query
three fragments
number following
principal category
size threshold
two analysts
corresponding statement
last feature
entity like
co n
tipster application
nora pushed
itg model
critical problem
discriminant cost
task cannot
substantial gains
parsing operation
english appear
intuitive sense
train two
human inspection
world situations
database could
sentence tag
following ones
composite structure
type frames
anchor word
two methodologies
3 proc
correct spelling
careful study
public availability
relevancy rate
nick cercone
main aspect
alignment strategy
little trouble
strict order
4 workstation
6 domain
independent annotation
words could
limited availability
going research
irregular plural
typical ie
miller 1995
lexicons produced
general equi
user makes
schema provides
internal measures
representation must
generating user
controlled fashion
current segment
extracted content
user starts
past news
system brings
cyclic application
monotonic refinement
one runs
de gauche
query consists
guo de
ambiguous form
senses appearing
a42 a8
convergence properties
words spoken
sensitive ones
i1 ne
bilingual parsing
help determine
overall value
general condition
tree may
objects according
simple operation
certain subordinate
node must
another word
places constraints
ugric linguistics
yes answer
also model
role indicators
svd factors
also determine
base would
result among
du moins
sentence among
roles may
modifier types
sentence order
many characteristics
entities correspond
appropriate cue
various ideas
munkres algorithm
lpa macprolog
language suitable
explicit acceptance
coverage due
a29a71a23 a36
peut remarquer
certainly correct
interpretation graphs
single cycle
phonological parsing
planning formalism
a0 a1
operations reports
prolog environment
class animate
vowel sound
vocabulary indexing
large gap
fuji et
project groups
ie system
typical result
training seeds
lexical functions
define restrictions
possible transfer
numbered turn
forward algorithm
algorithm solves
peripheral concepts
new phenomenon
turn expanded
method showed
tree dominated
logical order
step growing
language features
improved version
positive orientation
ldc callhome
uses feature
inheritance structure
resolve translation
cnn headline
language also
correction types
vowel appears
english motion
business reports
measure uses
type classes
empirical sample
soft boundaries
prenominal adjectives
biological processes
general sub
root finder
level partial
1 distribution
cream cone
sentence involves
achieves much
feature 0
forms show
linear list
among pairs
high temperature
correction techniques
marcus parser
one generation
style program
several hypotheses
surface texts
sentence modifier
error report
two form
1992 darpa
based network
terminology dictionary
extrinsic literals
decision needs
mutual interest
constitutes another
failure transitions
ordering strategies
uses local
extraction requirements
noun marked
local ambiguity
cannot carry
limited utility
becomes closer
major knowledge
user might
structure selected
lexical generalization
primitive constraints
implicit backwards
point j
ancillary words
data processed
evaluation b
information delivery
comparison materials
type object
better represent
error could
attribute domains
entropy package
distant nodes
indexed data
target classification
correct tag
clinical reports
source text
logical modifier
browsing type
proposed robust
particular dialogue
needed basis
di j
peripheral aspects
age groups
particular roles
dialogues like
whereas ridf
n addition
9 q
camera angle
language involved
general expression
identify correct
understanding methods
chunking process
procedure also
spaan 1991
world interpretation
deep hpsg
point grammar
kernel uses
ambiguous trees
particular symbol
rst plan
historical reasons
index lists
discourse would
root extraction
language neutral
r 1
isa clauses
normalized input
third level
straightforward mapping
robust nlp
nominal interpretation
current triple
resulting kappa
errors directly
based refinement
exchange system
reducing redundancy
missing conceptual
definition statement
people often
clause identi
section 22
special purposes
unique vertex
disfluent utterances
learners use
generic annotation
thousand sentence
two cfg
taggers used
successive passes
phrase generator
creating context
sweet young
significant difference
new configurations
10 steps
generative process
rank r
unrelated texts
combined size
yield comparable
artifact entities
preliminary measurements
large repositories
resolution model
diachronic rules
form structures
full generation
two pitch
english feature
input module
syntactic material
period following
contain errors
present paper
complete rules
decomposable idioms
write texts
nlg systems
candidate heads
words e1
initial position
hybrid models
morphology presents
aspectual operator
antecedent match
relations e
structural realization
average sum
8 characters
system fall
name taggers
every name
inheritance descriptor
source lf
best taggers
concessive use
natural output
database retrieval
locative expression
ball near
right handside
body text
category named
update semantics
word bigram
basic sign
initial output
identifying paraphrases
arbitrary nodes
current alternative
italian words
three times
keyword spotting
n u
two trees
intended words
changing domains
using phrasal
entities participating
row gives
particular course
symbol occurs
candidate analyses
using joint
minimal descriptions
rules usually
user corpus
course would
corpus bleu
studies would
tag unknown
systems uses
dimensional classification
parser actually
line topic
cardinality n
several papers
frequent phrases
finer detail
tagging error
natural partial
pragmatic point
portability across
concatenative languages
acoustic analysis
scores also
points lower
partial distances
recognition provided
various query
observed variables
local rules
contains pairs
tools capable
terms suggested
la version
thus determines
probable senses
john j
subway route
achieves 96
attribute names
valuable information
alep system
articles retrieved
modules provide
probability gives
directly input
constraint list
predicative plane
limited time
underlying technologies
wsd performance
refer co
variables ranged
anchor event
charniak parses
tm speech
anain refl
speech set
final evaluations
deux types
evaluation within
formal information
analytical languages
satisfactory level
attached data
defining context
learned patterns
serious restriction
boundary line
one window
design two
state fsa
monotonic alignment
web pmi
paradigmatic modi
including question
speech versus
gram modelling
expert frames
progressive event
singh et
floppy disk
news analysis
sloppy identity
subsequent processes
constituent marked
using gazetteers
nonlocal context
national physical
known tag
plan discourse
attention structure
based propagation
best thing
certain limitations
kernel principal
use simulated
kernel defined
semantic co
resulting classifications
obtain clusters
sccs proposed
new summaries
kupmc et
gate document
linear obliqueness
word reordering
example 35
verbal suffix
overall set
verbs 3
selective method
input err
give z
appropriate clusters
predominant sense
fred jelinek
scores across
extended set
stress conditions
rindflesch et
best asr
xlink attribute
basic center
information accessible
entities include
simple integer
traditional vector
broad categories
rapid succession
user behavior
r believes
lhe word
main interest
several definitions
14 show
thematic word
hot topic
observations hold
highest number
grefenstette 1994
high wer
joint goals
double lines
1 element
rhetorical figures
33 times
thesaurus coverage
talking sennheiser
ambiguous tokens
lori levin
complement one
improving system
similar directions
based conception
paycheck pronouns
region 2
small amount
international center
j h
broader research
label classification
different verb
towards understanding
7 p
bookkeeping information
grammars using
distractor objects
manual checking
utterances include
possibility might
implementation within
daughter constituent
tag categories
page 3
cases 1
capture situations
focus particles
single group
trigram types
typical usage
associated roles
tile conditions
noisy car
since parsers
items directly
results highlight
analysis mechanism
external events
tag trees
judge threw
j fi
ion may
learner must
concrete words
profile reference
increase readability
well understood
resources must
plus haut
task participants
pointwise kl
following categories
speech system
ordering task
aligned corpora
network performance
significant limitation
purpose transducer
either form
relation pairs
pinyin based
basic premise
important potential
sustainable development
assignments must
another example
gestural cues
significant degree
waters tree
deal wil
gesture g
take action
small paragraphs
crossing brackets
prior text
1 anxiety
abstract corpus
permettant de
fonctions syntaxiques
semantic pattern
verb represents
mentioned studies
required task
wider research
input specification
system captures
gpsg analysis
5 joint
modified predicate
based alignment
world referents
another model
useful words
open source
ldg conjunction
agricultural domain
active packets
look somewhat
parse recall
also prefers
ejv muc
two tokens
8 qa
citation indexers
selecting cue
great care
overall system
head prediction
direct reference
genre independent
functions would
ibm appointed
structure thus
function suggests
following answers
western fiction
underspecified category
different orientation
run counter
300 rules
continue talking
interactive alignment
propbank arguments
use xml
abstract state
probabilistic methods
earlier evaluations
common stop
tool whose
provides solutions
google search
coarse part
classifier would
expert frame
conflicting reports
generic class
slots could
isomorphism requirement
selection approaches
order specified
contextual restrictions
section starts
agglomerative clustering
canonical lexical
types proposed
knows nothing
st l
significant components
levenshtein algorithm
explosion problem
outperform word
inferences drawn
rules depending
equivalent state
evaluating translation
active np
string w
missing character
interlingua approaches
scores produced
detail description
domain given
data tables
predicate label
letter variables
cherry blossoms
pair 0
chunks found
f j1
idiom list
clearly separates
larger parts
biological domain
alphabetic languages
larger windows
grammar representations
back information
detect errors
entity annotation
automatic summarisation
good search
remains unexplored
probability equal
generator state
end application
recognition performances
mapping component
expectation step
elliott macklovitch
initial formation
structural biases
element could
evidence nodes
mapping sentences
20 times
ssn parsers
linguistic status
ordering decisions
existing template
verb follows
computer hardware
np attachments
negative instances
field categories
desired domain
word occur
new record
translation output
transcription files
4 datasets
based query
calculating p
unlabelled training
precise answer
foregoing discussion
earlier works
effectively deal
typical results
content units
patterns rather
subeategorization frames
tree alignments
answer opportunities
larger portion
anchoring point
phrases listed
gate database
best improvement
hoc solution
rst types
computing sciences
arbitrary text
advisor tries
previous use
mechanisms may
bigram language
stylistic gaps
biomedical literature
interactive query
corpus developed
smith teaches
fodor 1963
true terms
lexical variation
k denotes
preceding n
key button
whenever p
computed recall
new region
relations described
macrogame theory
bound may
rules known
speech words
cooking apples
backward pass
a39 a23
model fit
oriented method
create high
augmented dependency
language parsers
object 3
related researches
section might
phasal values
combination yields
propagation based
tailored group
hellinger measure
system designs
purpose phrase
nested dependency
seems worth
ss 4
statistical class
quantifier takes
evaluated constraints
better system
topic expression
substantial savings
new models
relational explanations
five sentences
word accuracies
indexing algorithm
two productions
formal citations
admissible similarity
based error
linguistics techniques
revision operators
indicates zero
university students
zero vector
something useful
autoslog system
set difference
van noord
necessary modifications
equal numbers
2003 evaluation
significance using
weekly meetings
structure illustrated
extra resources
main meanings
np shift
five students
oil tankers
motivated restrictions
processing step
fewer keystrokes
vast numbers
grammatical type
estonian language
weight smoothing
underlying technology
general research
apparent difference
interactive error
stochastic constraints
oriented learning
rayner et
without phrase
several modifications
selection preference
first ee
unique beginner
theory based
software system
whose body
possible domain
techniques give
trend observed
b tags
raters agree
apartment building
sentences directly
increases according
require either
ontology describing
right tense
external input
finding translation
text summanzauon
encoding systems
nagao 1993
position relations
space reasons
collection would
frequent source
rule saying
link generation
1982 lenhart
translation capabilities
likelihood values
session consists
viterbi semiring
generate links
repair sequences
ordered tree
diesem mann
guesser supplied
selective concept
stands alone
cfg formalism
current issue
every possibility
terminal frontier
sample space
augmented rgraph
following multi
ontology management
n test
french monolingual
louis binot
learning may
possible candidate
versus incoherent
ideas present
dominance information
current ontologies
nil expressions
hological analysis
corresponding attributes
null instantiation
wrong parses
third lines
traditional measures
treebank corpora
le mois
corpus annotated
efficient systems
discontinuous grammar
addressee identification
infinite set
alternative pronunciations
ordinary linguistic
scoring rule
authorship verification
disjoint test
phrase refers
3 depicts
single classifier
type subsumption
remaining analyses
children might
unique expression
sentence come
branching form
agglomerative approach
feature disagreement
backtrack point
syntactic connections
view seems
role mapped
relational predicates
analyzer using
summarization problem
indicates better
le modules
events el
constraint values
les conditions
using rst
maximal size
linear kernel
terms translated
case pairs
system develops
interested ill
nerbonne 1992
example would
c near
selected rules
mentioned types
radius r
role criteria
understanding could
svo pattern
proposition whose
document editor
atomic names
algorithm uses
refers directly
one implication
sufficient precision
loves knit
server architecture
source involvement
mentioned techniques
participant oriented
bielefeld corpus
another question
ambient noise
correct parsing
complex nature
open sentences
sv phrases
node indices
view object
simulations presented
dur2 a18
brinker 2003
kittredge et
map information
different perspectives
several tags
understanding spoken
parser handles
integrating text
analysing stage
construction provides
abstracts written
case predicate
spurious matches
type case
words decreases
similarity assessment
probabilistic approaches
performance grammar
paraphrase would
correct hypotheses
original definitions
restricted dialogue
block selection
point link
cannot receive
input p
also reject
minimum requirement
ill l
syntactic tuples
important processing
contextual expectations
closure procedure
situation like
second person
processing necessary
generated lexicon
make non
skeleton structure
analysts grammar
verb sets
sem grammar
make allowance
total sum
columns 2
without replacement
equal relation
test partition
second criteria
software implementing
spectrum elements
dataset consists
special key
documents included
lfg decision
f w
common punctuation
blanked sentence
collocation e
make improvements
reader interested
clear guidelines
semantic context
representing topics
former ones
entity class
indexing languages
system rejects
da un
nes would
worth pursuing
89 wall
particular realization
28 aotrr
clauses 3
harry climbed
two considerations
entries could
tags form
scrambled elements
syntactic classification
ip node
independent probability
predicate adjective
pattern ip
resulting features
constituents using
optimization method
temporal phrases
hand positions
3 corpora
semcor corpus
architecture differs
generator uses
strong hypotheses
specific reasons
key systems
information quantities
constraints specify
sentence satisfying
september 2005
prior utterances
knowledge described
20 documents
tree gives
conversation fragment
null r
specific nodes
base updates
recall numbers
a28 a40
formula obtained
names tend
reaching consequences
cannot include
time e
noun dog
translation patterns
pairwise combinations
good result
nlp infrastructure
position occupied
recursive way
pitch variability
frogs eat
independent segmentation
nlp course
type g
identifying number
lexicalized subtrees
mr smith
immediate domination
beyond reach
obligatory constraint
adjective vs
successive sentence
counts would
data include
regional variation
parser palavras
possible histories
properties typical
rule formalisms
active rules
words output
training uses
tree building
natural dialogues
feature named
scientific publications
curated databases
control functions
hamon et
constraint ci
latin script
used contains
computational considerations
research literature
engineering methods
type argument
day american
choice might
phrase c
symbolic learning
analyzed structures
growing research
relations signaled
knn probability
ts approach
persons engaged
forms performed
making changes
involve non
maximal distance
thus accounting
two descriptors
overall role
fixed string
model contexts
words separated
almost non
document annotation
beam decoder
reader module
slots requiring
registered users
overall understanding
finding referents
state spaces
briefly introduced
potential errors
meshes well
intonational contour
stage backoff
reduction scheme
one application
activity pattern
roles agent
drug names
given f
ji zhe
myocardial infarction
seems worthwhile
possible changes
use frequency
linguistic signs
se pr
realistic systems
kanji translation
fixed alphabet
simple incremental
become applicable
lexicon would
complexity makes
single performance
tagged word
maps q
similar scores
main user
linguistic structures
initial morphs
systems tuned
simply checks
known parsing
statistical syntactic
like bill
escape sequence
phenomena encountered
original format
head lemmas
attributes could
parsing include
given definition
arguments respectively
ohsumed collection
also determines
source relation
solving procedure
intermediate string
programs designed
parser table
phrasal paraphrase
nine features
des compl
robust approach
alphabetic list
mt tools
tagger performs
tree completion
order among
processing within
words judged
unification method
gauvain et
atomic units
monetary amount
symmetric disagreement
phenomena present
permanent properties
sentences including
symbol b
user must
organization provided
parameter indicating
module produces
traditional document
positive weight
representations allow
root cause
three persons
le word
different systems
conceptual source
every donkey
pos classification
uses patterns
identify relevant
johanna moore
stem followed
operational approach
rule graphs
three rows
air pressure
plan elements
various combination
l sl
theoretic syntax
linguistic actions
child constituents
francis bond
describe relations
reduced feature
arbitrarily increase
conveys new
argument np
common practice
way contingency
lexical phonology
8 speakers
embedded object
possible ones
examples available
case frmne
fortune 500
categorization system
second training
visual extractor
clause n
scope rule
first candidate
feature alone
name match
written languages
interviewing antonio
genre dependent
word ei
deliver information
real distinctions
indicates word
candidate definition
irrelevant portions
many objects
child belief
sections report
image information
trees similar
neighborhood density
dialog designers
state two
acronym pairs
following criterion
expressing sentence
third list
component entities
elided elements
text format
research done
precision achieved
standard muc
incorrect part
automatic srl
estimate translation
whose names
current transfer
stage contains
zu dem
four segments
p bill
token appearing
include errors
hirschberg 1993
sense predication
text planning
free probability
process usually
state denoted
derivational structure
2 include
nal result
daniel jurafsky
advanced processing
definitions differ
original objective
broad variety
segmentation disambiguation
annotation could
baseline crf
considers three
e denotes
use conventional
like text
limiting case
many opportunities
pronouns would
review sentences
attentional hierarchy
activation flows
properties given
important process
w given
two corpus
given sets
increasing coverage
including cross
employ knowledge
200 sentence
information flows
effective tool
following hayes
measure phrases
machine gun
segmentation part
involves developing
iff c
system yet
acknowledgement subdialogues
ca expressions
subsequent ones
traditional linguistics
observation vectors
related discussion
c uses
root tape
initiative module
synonymous words
proposed change
parent constituents
sharing benchmark
constituent representing
step l
english parts
parsing section
mixed language
interlingual systems
count constructions
participants receive
auxiliary phrase
thomas r
noun anchor
operator consists
identify senses
second projection
ill another
machine interactive
corpora like
two state
search session
primary evaluation
tree n
using precision
japanese linguists
needs less
meaning interpretation
name memory
k top
eaux min6rales
literal translation
stolcke et
wilcoxon test
0 prec
sai er
levels 0
k features
analysis part
dependency formalisms
transition costs
adjacency relation
referential pronoun
parent belief
recursive constraint
computational corpus
potential environment
depends directly
der rechner
clause constituents
responses contain
different mental
segments 2
model m1
poses two
requirements imposed
story sentences
see johnson
said nothing
v npi
content might
common property
ranking tasks
new procedure
topic variations
sentence terminal
list induction
look first
right arm
lf type
un exemple
three digits
sentence restored
computational approach
8 minutes
worth comparing
a26 a27a7
parametric test
siglex workshop
indi erent
speed increases
coherence contribution
different stacks
better stw
constraints often
arbitrary combinations
recognize strings
specific text
computational state
aggregate analysis
average n
arbitrary numbers
scores returned
divergence types
computational side
phoneme lattices
quality terms
tom believes
novel verb
taxonomies derived
topics underlying
acquiring sense
sequence learner
system trace
result obtained
ccg supertagger
tipster extraction
john jones
generator must
indexing phase
core engine
model consisting
semiautomatic checking
reduced perplexity
reference documents
salience metric
parsing errors
dp backward
syntactically simpler
correction mechanism
generation input
employ dynamic
mother would
right recursive
traditional database
original tags
page 10
public authority
violated constraint
test series
paradigmatic information
important idea
phonetic data
analyses would
ann copestake
n labeled
wrong decisions
first production
mccray et
meaning function
hh corpus
multiple content
one success
ontology dictionary
algorithm creates
expanded relational
nouns must
extensive application
reprise sluices
voltage measurement
du schema
desirable features
verb raising
stock 1989
one symbol
french tag
generally straightforward
word ill
female speech
match state
find solutions
one vp
iteration process
corresponding probability
feature inventories
computation using
user leaves
sentential utterances
distinct verbs
state tagging
utterance given
semantic core
specificity values
argument mapping
dependency graphs
whole dependency
coreferent path
finder system
level acoustic
inferential component
effective rules
two comparisons
tied states
local environments
accurately models
called top
simple errors
three edit
extreme right
tree constituents
comparative research
called features
smallest clause
petri net
derivation problem
help prune
ing procedure
application expression
example rule
whose units
description module
corresponding segmentation
charles barkley
primary value
et je
complexity behavior
operational version
properties corresponding
reordering constraints
also prune
putative stem
uses concepts
classification approach
huge variety
approach presupposes
used wherever
scores calculated
definitional questions
length 8
urn model
hmm score
human corpora
xiao wang
utterance correctly
various scores
review sites
0 kr
smaller groups
use dependency
obvious errors
conceptual component
training subsets
ou la
bigram models
chunk consisting
see levin
positive categorization
right input
facilitate experimentation
generates explanations
standard atn
new kinds
atomic phrase
rule parser
trec qa
adequately represent
grove et
material whose
speech sequences
french vocabulary
ideal one
cawsey 1992
several implementations
concepts available
web counts
words representations
generates sentences
appropriate locations
good indication
corporate name
extends beyond
attitude types
value q
infinitive constructions
vectorial representations
unseen type
generator creates
pass processing
full dialogue
use fewer
subject instructions
five measures
proper correspondence
tagged example
filler words
general formula
voice tokenizer
used l
standard combination
location categories
place using
common dictionary
57 verbs
sense distributions
opinion class
sentential relationship
error patterns
many avenues
technical publications
greater factor
process temporal
sister constituents
procedural systems
two files
merging redundancies
phrases might
c conditions
early pruning
relaxation method
gender classes
human memory
emerging technologies
participating groups
first ones
basic em
resulting parsers
good results
automatic bootstrapping
correspond exactly
bracket simplification
algorithm recurses
differ due
ones reported
logic grammar
classification behavior
wordnet synsets
model variables
japanese surface
constraints needed
count events
elastic matching
type descriptions
bu bai
local optimal
semantic rel
probabilistic feature
sample could
final languages
correct algorithm
different weight
scenarios 1
greedy approach
supplementary information
search used
involves finding
relation sr
parameter learning
classic case
biased seeds
linear mixture
search towards
giving examples
required features
possessive marker
sophisticated computational
tied mixture
created dictionaries
syntagmatic marker
cgi script
probabilistic graphical
phrasal features
reference interview
subtle problem
judged based
paper explains
suffix part
listed ill
go annotations
contexts c
structures represented
manual processing
process known
representing feature
hypothesis made
five paragraphs
finite memory
possible entity
good bye
languages simultaneously
larger noun
occurring n
e z
clauses c
unary quasi
block metric
exponential order
reasoning algorithm
partial alignment
asking price
source selection
heuristic way
projection table
thai speech
table denotes
financial resources
engines perform
procedure presented
function ranking
word randomly
world object
collection paradigm
linguistic theories
work concerning
limited transfer
including conjunctions
automatic assessment
final interpretation
distributive lattice
speech waveforms
based qc
1 correct
source semantic
following semantics
utterance corresponding
noro et
breck baldwin
switched sentence
objective translation
final product
parental refusal
argu null
rules given
possible categories
parsing environment
relation according
assertional forms
morphology rules
certain sorts
choice based
verb lemmas
becomes aware
needs help
strict interpretation
negative judgments
popular technique
use long
bayes models
cause satellite
pipelined fashion
development strategies
logical languages
pattern name
list information
cognitive principles
fitted parses
expression dictionary
detecting relevant
veri es
general english
affix information
site data
phrase composed
shows potential
verb endings
rules implemented
length bias
translated words
sets 3
intentions conveyed
pump sheared
new thread
interpolated probability
data acquired
result corresponds
alignment constraints
sentence corresponds
alternative rscm
next non
split compound
linking process
brief outline
cannot generalize
character size
descriptive adequacy
unsupervised tagging
every instance
whose reading
expert lexicon
semantic constituent
biomedical knowledge
state department
slot corresponding
possible answers
trained hmm
motion path
new generative
semitic language
p since
331 test
language medical
morphological pattern
coefficient r
generalisation operation
element x
unreduced structure
interchange lemma
java api
guerrillas attacked
provide precise
improves wsd
context rather
student achievement
contrastive summary
system interface
free generation
12 items
problem arises
les phrases
basic travel
retrieved examples
results concerning
compute l
inverted hash
consuela washington
useful predictors
source may
still shows
hmm states
z x
procedure requires
error repair
recent versions
small experiment
normal hmm
logical interpretation
english instructions
children acquiring
scale grammar
convey different
order parsing
single user
plural interpretation
scores presented
negative a76
modeling error
paul allen
boxed numbers
relations clearly
feature strncture
morphological learners
manager passes
small corpora
based analyses
topical boundaries
generated rule
based cues
special punctuation
local syntactic
retrieving dependents
graph including
predicates whose
analog models
relative proximity
temporal component
text marked
standard english
central japan
true word
match uses
three verbs
works remarkably
three tense
fewer steps
overall preference
unit word
dependency parser
syntactic subentry
helps define
system compares
group contiguous
format used
terminological terms
systematic mapping
common meaning
using collins
cohesion markers
using katz
wide ranges
succeeding words
taroo wa
derivation also
interpreting data
naive exhaustive
network without
statistical generation
constraints via
center cp
computer log
tile source
evaluating wsd
fills per
improvements might
verbs etc
program design
plus souvent
space data
nondeterministic transducer
strategy reduces
two dgs
combination pattern
training clusters
single microphone
grammar plus
things one
experiments concerning
competitive results
previous level
side pattern
component requires
observation systems
point cannot
un autre
ts must
structure optimization
prototype sd
evidence found
line shows
yao et
earlier attempts
double object
theory model
active users
immediate discourse
increases linearly
mary kissed
good deal
common spelling
clarificatory subdialogues
temperatures never
coordinated term
organization template
corpus 2
body may
linguistic motivations
cantonese speakers
logical function
two votes
imperfect speech
generation takes
certain results
partial automation
boy hit
analysis falls
performance issue
initial substring
assume independence
poor languages
distinct events
incorrect form
mobile multimodal
4 ghz
codings made
perform automatic
lee 1989
model specifying
following uses
simple back
generation tool
allowing users
measures described
simple conversion
potential focus
neighborhood size
large tree
prior models
shift key
produce false
est obtenue
using programs
generation ambiguity
identifying mwes
robinson 1981
king et
typed unification
name expressions
surprising result
project takes
procedures could
linear case
four adjacent
right daughter
request interpretation
dictionaries list
currently cannot
argument slot
retrieval literature
comparison might
based transformation
tre anni
extended domains
explanation relations
pattern generalization
student essay
model bn
type architecture
subcategorisation acquisition
merlo modularity
semantic linker
alphabet size
lsa vectors
model techniques
significance 0
object appears
structure input
diacritic restoration
embodied dialogue
predicates apply
rst representation
typesetting codes
general nl
deffill operation
model weights
empirical frequency
svm models
away information
change codes
every city
estimation scheme
definite grammar
familiar ones
answer strings
corresponding sample
appropriate cluster
difficult aspects
paper gives
two conditions
noise suppression
current candidate
sequential patterns
called transliteration
utterance contributes
elected president
contrast set
simplest approach
lexical restrictions
33 verbs
textual realization
manual process
specific relationship
modifier candidates
language evolves
expert would
master stack
course material
fda bans
emerging technology
transliteration models
primary system
exact neighborhood
celle de
independent derivations
given parameter
17 systems
abney 1991
nous proposons
components based
alignment constraint
rich resources
ibm rs
retrieval mode
weighting coefficients
null ther
subset c
que 1
model unit
chunk grammar
understand exactly
content based
chris brew
treebank guidelines
census bureau
level perspective
possible multi
following vowel
extra care
corpus knowledge
one coherent
method gets
position de
fixed number
central point
japanes e
subject word
grammatical operations
sound sequence
learning functions
heuristics might
infinite sequences
taking sheridan
average cost
preuves de
correction candidates
local probability
deep representation
description logics
experimental dialogues
information intended
major section
h x
complete resolution
task achievement
either mean
first entity
function q
higher value
unknown noun
flexible word
onto tile
transformations learned
research centre
john cannot
find features
batch selection
many studies
ou encore
subtrees containing
deve l
biographical summaries
optimal evaluation
partie gauche
evaluation epoch
common tag
pragmatics component
a1 a18
simulated dialogue
preposition head
intonation center
basic bigram
frequent pairs
understanding capabilities
form associated
semantic information
specific data
shorter ones
indicate features
procedure sketched
computer systems
improves slightly
oriented graph
two collocation
infinitive phenomenon
node vector
method without
paper constitutes
built structures
previous assumptions
since gb
nesting depth
lfg lexicon
dependency evaluation
models within
criteria applied
binary vector
event c
likely tag
aware sites
semantic consequences
interpretation methods
r singular
substantial information
a26 a62
telephone system
informative response
certain resources
grid search
pcfg probability
ranking sentence
chief strategy
chang et
coarser granularity
100 dts
alignments may
underlying discourse
generation rules
additional systems
basis lattice
test speakers
dominating fragment
intrinsic case
useful feature
semantic alternatives
time training
vw e
rising diphthong
fact gathering
lscript2 regularization
solving strategy
following principle
unique combination
hypernym candidates
iob2 format
approach shares
background constraints
hold mechanism
specific combinations
experiment 3
cannot effectively
word vocabularies
guangzhou taiyangshen
occurrence relation
rama ne
describe term
biological arms
system drops
reliable word
direct marketing
ne tagger
form often
common vocabulary
text slot
section highlights
closure hypothesis
major errors
equivalent phrases
gives scores
foregoing section
data effectively
prepositional chunk
system randomly
rags project
environment may
double exponential
chinese person
error prone
similar sets
set command
problematic nature
wi given
hardware platform
mixed models
linguistic inquiry
morphological relationships
bilge pumps
4 female
queries submitted
su boundary
release date
verbs shown
conventional studies
research challenge
name pronunciation
test contexts
another subtree
relations describe
infectious diseases
arbitrary semantic
therapy inc
isa forms
consistent assignment
corresponding clauses
lemma states
space prevents
word directory
verbal objects
probable part
vp chunking
ranked parses
spl plan
cat derv
description p
speaker ask
describes experiments
grammatical expressions
represent dialogue
current production
verb sequence
entry condition
big number
listener asks
never need
additional search
driven systems
metalinguistic instances
morphological context
cette phase
transformational process
data display
digital audio
adequate system
predicative complement
novel search
unexpected events
c play
project like
model selects
attributive description
special property
summary reports
linguistic expectation
prefix p
structures also
like relation
e produced
optimal value
single gaussian
another element
tile sentences
repeated bisections
incremental parser
agent used
memory parallel
resource construction
interior int
matsuzaki et
unrestricted grammars
oai infrastructure
wide class
arbitrary reorderings
communications network
two wordnets
li 2000
contour type
admires mount
fuzzy set
framework seems
albert museum
annotated phrase
errors based
three games
lexical concept
supplied information
dependency value
estimate three
particular date
initiating move
duplicate paragraphs
identified arguments
translation mismatch
gold trees
typical scenario
story pairs
assignment mechanism
free derivations
scale dictionaries
approach typically
translation done
three events
concrete cases
definitions provided
de celle
public opinion
lexical categorizations
systems capable
correspondence relation
interpausal phrases
evaluate mt
case memory
dale 1992
n man
construction problem
combined parsing
weighted lattice
phrase contains
generate statistical
typical language
state technology
choose appropriate
reducing errors
4 kinds
skolem function
three vowels
space generated
character length
exactly covers
structures involved
mining scheme
quality measured
target c
wordnet contains
confirmation question
consists entirely
true model
term development
programming constructs
three datasets
weights derived
grammar organization
tone 4
words immediately
structures across
taxonomic structures
help highlight
dialog participants
language could
dominance behaviour
classification must
lpps introduce
human factor
following translations
side context
tokenization accuracy
specific queries
cooperative behavior
testing part
also highlight
expected ratio
show interesting
inferencin g
light green
table top
pause algorithm
tagged character
acquisition methodology
viterbi inference
university treebank
phonetic labels
color turquoise
texts involving
also admits
table also
system judges
written grammars
right referent
70 terms
lexical expectations
potential problem
observation applies
managers earn
defining adjacency
gnu emacs
current ones
full realization
limited domain
last event
cd level
conversational setting
increase h
easy portability
pseudo reference
disjunctive node
syntax given
la meilleure
reasoning phase
called regular
lexical influence
english noun
new constituents
mary sees
clauses modifying
bring attention
also move
paragraph structure
new strategy
devices may
parser fidditch
terms introduced
asr results
departure place
various f
specifications given
model instead
attachment task
state description
512 megabytes
following subsets
generating chart
l slots
smaller subphrases
corpus statistical
different products
unique english
structured learning
october 1991
dens le
returned value
decision list
cold days
deterministic part
analyzed sentence
cannot read
13 db
dependent item
product synergy
general comment
inherent data
procedure could
source alignments
parsing formalisms
task independent
nested beliefs
full integration
extract words
boolean matrices
umeps corpus
row reports
intervocalic consonants
new belief
steps taken
component receives
large tag
structure need
chinese training
points need
benchmark dataset
many types
system fully
page level
relations actor
pulley domain
dimensional plane
missing objects
algorithm scans
soderland et
definition clauses
good clue
produce spoken
calculating similarity
que celles
oriented paradigms
des ventes
data reversibility
a96 a111
decoding performance
select particular
structure takes
internal constituency
possible expansions
message four
2 display
use abstract
discourse popping
r 3
possible criterion
1 j
dynamic splitting
present tenses
processes described
two leaves
plausible grammar
initiating moves
complex situations
567 news
effect could
generalization approach
extended cf
level 2
analysis stage
action items
defines constraints
rule system
structure ambiguity
relational calculus
scene graphs
rates increased
index information
head denotes
parser achieves
proposed structure
produce adequate
aggregate cycle
user really
scientific article
linguistic method
expedition project
multiple evidence
transcribing spoken
text quality
possible chunk
nsf iri
system hears
secondary constituent
lmg formalism
method greatly
realization process
independent application
500 text
random restarts
subsequent positions
first machine
1 grammar
context summary
complete generation
lexicalized features
7 minutes
basic speech
template overgeneration
dangling prepositions
appropriate morphological
category dictionary
null a0
coders marked
category tree
operation 5
building knowledge
event took
run corpus
relation expressions
score rather
sentential semantic
large vocabulary
order obtained
better feature
k co
act information
adjectival scales
balanced corpus
speed reading
surprising results
beckwith et
dialogue tableaux
parse fails
construct complex
later phase
significant aspect
phantom conditions
corresponding root
previous translation
structures produced
obligatory coreference
constraints suggested
easily implement
major contributor
automaton whose
nag uses
task semantics
intuitive idea
standard smt
linguistic learning
narrative structure
37 sentence
corner strategy
precision using
input objects
using alignment
suggestions may
unexpected input
temporal nps
also filter
one surface
one extraction
flexible model
zero probabilities
one correspondence
attachment decisions
9 times
primary role
items based
mary left
rule writer
communication needs
collaborative environment
p 500
classifier induced
given sequence
quality texts
dubious areas
machine applications
similar framework
fifth sighan
require consecutive
induction experiment
word tokenization
satisfactory account
stw error
additional weight
conventional techniques
informal atis
entity using
procedure identifies
drop languages
spanish parsing
complex languages
english half
possible motivation
next vertex
various sets
core package
phil harrison
semantic interoperability
1 unit
document generation
problem context
phrases must
types provide
three input
new hypothesis
candidate parses
general overview
deeper information
level knowledge
also fit
occurrence models
optimal set
thing 1
comparison based
using paraphrases
prediction ratio
automatic learning
door opened
theta grids
allow features
webber tense
null duction
language retrieval
important conclusions
every concept
thematic element
point changes
published methods
time sequence
ney smoothing
multiple meaning
analyzer tries
names since
performance cannot
touretzky 1986
nist scheme
agreement test
computational significance
future mucs
latent annotations
system grows
police officer
compound feature
lexical prior
lexical arguments
cabezas et
lexical presuppositions
actual learning
mais de
table produced
manager acts
dominance links
normally contains
similar statements
arbitrary cfgs
intermediary nodes
candidate sequence
use something
single classification
finding correspondences
single letters
using query
sample output
elliptic expression
one theory
question reformulations
called co
typically work
complex interpretation
pairs become
third pair
drinking potable
mean something
via ftp
several components
final values
process given
executive succession
complex product
object level
students relation
4 cp
rate measures
semantics community
transfer method
event appears
system processes
learner produces
similar criteria
destination cities
selling price
system 28
spurious relations
absolute term
present concerns
e ni
functional interface
intrinsic properties
extraction pattern
technique uses
future act
please note
produces html
typical relation
null grammar
concept instances
understand things
glottal stop
natural place
net change
sense key
parsing problem
summary a46
word domain
microsoft windows
sbd rule
entire network
mechanism allows
clusters formed
methodology described
complex path
based f
others take
language competence
questions involving
many pos
ending form
current form
deterministic manner
model operates
boundary markings
transfer learning
bias inherent
100 muc
development questions
cepstral domain
using error
respective contexts
blast crisis
level dynamic
without confusion
node creation
structure like
bare plurals
template expansion
argument class
total cost
summarization methods
formal perspective
fixed knowledge
unfair advantage
routine uses
claim 1
based definition
null lations
word separator
descriptions containing
personal mt
following clusters
distinct discourse
ibm constraints
e dom
coreference rules
system fielded
several heuristics
origin word
returned set
free application
sample x
complex function
prior proposition
upper portion
one head
history length
motivations behind
simple problem
vietnamese pos
specificity ordering
recognize words
dependency system
plan generation
using reinforcement
new goal
system cannot
system produce
evaluation format
production would
e pi
likelihood would
next layer
cat arcs
predicate pp
french verbal
ambiguity results
empty conjunction
last module
negative documents
text representing
okapi sgt
called pattern
obvious problem
output mapping
ambiguity introduced
ambiguous phrases
secondary information
first author
segment documents
information proof
condition says
syntactic mistakes
e bitext
set showed
main content
restrictions would
initial knowledge
accusative noun
modern hebrew
words plus
simpler way
architecture includes
common parsing
made dependent
recognition errors
data sparse
phrase l
purpose model
position indices
entropy error
tuning method
six levels
functions without
prepositional uses
narrative parenthetical
video display
satz system
dynamic text
write r
type slots
space may
sentence grammars
value labeled
des troubles
current entity
avoid misleading
reliability measure
algorithms described
order corresponds
possible solution
lexical look
choice model
information typically
without post
p relative
many insights
named organizations
1 senses
classifier without
lower percentage
oliver tambo
corpus processed
communicative act
first criterion
conditioning features
conll 2002
outer space
variable nodes
adjacent classes
table row
specific association
successful interaction
statistical trigram
use smart
phonological analysis
ratio measure
constraint would
new cost
close look
derives new
proper subparts
main item
logical grammars
candidates based
sequential crf
yield many
likely hypotheses
building statistical
consideration must
constituent markers
algorithm capable
constructed mapping
first chunk
year period
mobile phones
jan pedersen
coordinated phrases
generation photo
access points
e required
time requirements
deep dependencies
workshop organizers
sequent proof
20 hidden
shi jie
representative samples
analysis makes
second round
tailored letters
nancy l
analysis starts
verb taxonomies
polysemous verbs
alignment forms
reverse translations
two phrases
cross validated
er relations
frequencies across
specific settings
semantics based
qa track
7 variables
multiword units
polynomial kernels
prepositions may
former uses
relative usefulness
n results
stroke representation
discuss directions
predictive structure
following inference
certain country
sentence breaks
taro ga
determine clause
traversal process
table lists
different reasons
contains 12
phrase complement
run uses
thesaurus could
result difference
special tag
similar training
consider table
e entities
significant performance
class values
extracting patterns
np pair
thorough description
paper concerns
guarantee finding
different nodes
ten articles
rocket launch
capture differences
domain tend
approximated probabilities
best bnc
task defined
session 4
broader framework
features included
split string
tree families
unanalyzable symbols
possible corresponding
joshi et
spontaneous input
relations per
proposed extension
consider multiple
given task
including correct
works done
short strings
alphabetic ordering
stage three
partial analyses
la distribution
level four
external syntactic
team also
lfg rule
output rules
restructuring programs
yielded worse
key point
five corpora
study involves
new exercises
current nlp
formalisms make
word histories
thomas j
various summarization
different communication
common world
subcategorization list
abstract sentences
appropriate thing
another client
specific labels
threaded discussions
tags must
multiple modifier
answer set
william c
modifying arguments
fresh test
major focus
marcken 1990
give commands
category tag
timothy baldwin
virtual arc
opportunities offered
observation made
sum test
term usage
selection modules
constraint stated
np identification
identify opinion
traditional speech
achieves higher
whose term
equivalent sentences
retrospective retrieval
wn synsets
empty units
help correct
efficient text
x owns
passive morphology
nodes aligned
french support
irrelevant documents
measuring precision
parser stops
text anchor
analysis might
know p
mitchell p
direct actions
exact translation
similarity rating
right triangle
apparent lack
salvadoran government
authors need
basenp identification
generator component
syntactic contextual
projects like
attach action
telephone operator
preference according
document using
validation phase
word subsequences
many unique
hoteru wo
generic dialogue
bilingual ontology
upper concepts
2 parser
constructed rules
ie community
iff l
larger p
kanthak et
important verbs
corresponding constraints
quality model
altavista search
programming parser
words start
state whose
web frequencies
reference events
action type
using category
output like
alternate spellings
verb denotes
generic symbol
new sample
higher percentage
segment structure
constant symbols
rte task
building operation
intermediate template
decisions concerning
literal transcription
considerable benefit
becomes important
involves comparison
categories differ
outgoing links
intensive nlp
applies rules
representing concepts
appropriate type
four non
4 steps
represent every
accommodation theory
attribute model
next condition
lexicon induced
vb dt
38 questions
anaphors whose
based prediction
task dependent
test essays
representation used
source n
bootstrap replicates
arbitrary choices
proper subpart
various criteria
hub value
kernel items
la costruzione
basic interface
alternative strings
lexicalized parsers
ideational entities
rows marked
performs comparably
entire alignment
one fill
attachment statistics
e co
classical music
a67 a14
one gap
dictionary term
available features
mary arrived
structured thesaurus
require distinguishing
ji zhu
outputs word
also contrast
ibm tj
probabilistic aspects
like kind
shifting rules
three discourse
anomalous relation
class ci
explicit expression
explanation must
semantic relatedness
segmentation corpus
experiment demonstrates
reranking model
english conceptual
infinite summation
two mare
conversion task
solved clauses
annotated version
data tends
recent months
different point
cognitive grammar
names found
places within
syntactic c
unnecessary copies
semantic vs
lookahead symbols
row shows
mann et
world would
discourse proceeds
varies greatly
segmentation approach
content model
nominal compounding
intersecting sets
probable que
mild allergic
level operation
applications usually
transductive clustering
stop smoking
new topic
search time
predicate pos
conjugate prior
relevant words
entire summary
pour en
based ner
enumerated set
low value
albeit still
cannot represent
9603 size
frequency value
similarity graph
new parse
kuno 1973
rhetorical meaning
step yields
appropriate update
human tutorial
system domain
specific passages
purpose question
models outperform
labor intensive
set rr
several baseline
giving instructions
neighboring tokens
four stages
first matrix
chemical name
term results
structure editor
thinks john
current multi
validity score
adjunct node
common background
third argument
specific target
every q
specific linear
type formulas
innate knowledge
katakana string
term introduced
tile predicate
analysis approach
underlying generative
problems addressed
matching conditions
evaluation period
printed word
declarative semantics
basque country
dutch verbs
one nucleus
adjacent states
choice question
existing focus
exhaustive method
syntactic use
2 repairs
pattern instance
formal redundancy
coherent inference
orientation information
cantly outperform
program form
rc attachment
prototype software
sentential alignments
analysis side
naive users
fourth set
entire query
model ibm
finite clausal
letter code
mapping procedures
times vary
database organization
used algorithms
hidden actions
see van
un plan
minimal alignment
using synonymy
specific kind
1 link
query category
e pattern
specified word
social acts
since x
good language
turn causes
called context
gloss vectors
possible vowel
h lacks
30 templates
motion frame
next ten
last character
7 types
general framework
approach exemplified
jacobs phred
beyond sentence
per domain
cws comprised
shared entities
subset contains
current machine
uses explicit
word usually
interpolated trigram
following symbols
incident 3
net ad
towards zero
corresponding right
althoug h
p os
number category
canonical attribute
plan derivations
extract related
ne de
restrictions expressed
realistic text
feature dictionary
ambiguous source
alternative realisations
feature tree
derivation space
focus history
final decision
threshold settings
new clauses
class frames
sentence components
assigning random
brute force
offline parsing
construct appropriate
valuable knowledge
v al
structure elements
instructs us
qualitative differences
acceptable precision
datr queries
property 2
per candidate
formal knowledge
individual pos
lower false
work robustly
n appropriate
better titan
becomes one
appealing approach
car parked
multiple observations
slu system
thematic assignment
issues related
automatic thesaurus
orthographic overlap
vowel correspondences
5 sec
examinar su
computer products
simple counting
enabled users
corner parse
null formed
morphological information
structures returned
handle vpe
labor costs
different text
408 words
possible prepositions
interactive summarization
general statements
hierarchical arrangement
textual sources
python script
listener model
faithful implementation
students may
various training
processes going
analysis proper
network generator
show e
translations given
improved document
constraint handling
cours de
relations embedded
use larger
relevant responses
substitution grammars
male person
standard framework
system nevertheless
partial matcher
last decades
vocabulary sizes
de donnees
occurrences found
boundary symbol
mcdonald 1993
efficient since
performance changes
fourth system
kept track
vector codes
see tab
combinatorial rules
domains shows
concept occurs
language output
semantic string
disambiguation algorithm
sufficient simply
extremely labor
general criteria
mappings defined
two source
comparable system
pay particular
event level
du c
ones already
discourse research
structure annotation
art gallery
modification techniques
enough word
names generated
features common
find synonyms
met en
towards better
topic sets
automatic recognition
textual ellipses
orthographic feature
proper treatment
original analysis
empty phrase
distribution environment
verbal types
seeking dialogue
product p
intonational effects
production rule
iteratively selects
single quotes
johannes ritzke
jasper uses
scores highest
curly bracket
perplexity improvement
2 represent
garbage keyword
handle ambiguity
sentence adverbials
corresponding web
major problem
linguistic choice
acceptable subject
structuring concepts
described section
related task
set performance
check moves
sample dialogues
side information
media sources
nl test
occurs less
accessible nodes
sacerdoti 1977
encarta corpus
oriented search
web browser
categorial variations
arc found
higher levels
u r
null link
unimodal spoken
following effects
equals sign
e presented
x appearing
handle discourse
z plus
training technique
final determination
usage regularities
system histories
max havelaar
antecedent eplan
target prefix
strings derived
rich language
concatenation grammars
sentences sampled
sentences tested
stevenson statistical
purely random
possible hypernyms
model design
top mt
language x
sense within
cases use
serious limitation
150 iterations
standard criteria
chen 1993
unified feature
certain utterances
square errors
exponential function
constraint rule
parser designed
best srl
coreference annotation
cause impact
manual labour
discounted frequency
detailed end
dynamic data
ran leila
one key
living space
stress marks
mass among
system responds
delta mel
six facts
utterance lengths
particular property
scoring variations
possible splits
single content
a15 a41a36a43
centered design
separates two
avec le
supervised pos
new story
viable method
vertical scan
result analysis
language capabilities
rule sequences
noun channel
arbitrary functions
performs poorly
vectors must
tree constraint
telephone call
normal parser
reasoning components
audio documents
increase coverage
graph based
text analysis
first uses
form verb
strong components
give information
useful concepts
b one
grammar construction
frame shows
actual choice
terminal elements
theoretic terms
thesaurus information
essential edges
resolving ellipsis
structural order
one date
step 7
length principle
4 deals
collaborative problem
positive data
fundamental data
command type
sampling algorithm
english suffix
technical sense
possible translations
word depending
produces non
enhanced features
oriented development
distinct elements
dg structure
learner used
electronic databases
certain language
consistent grammar
resources used
single minimal
ill ihe
assigned type
segmented input
candidate solutions
dan bikel
translations corresponding
detecting opinion
order formalism
speaker intention
l 4
darpa grant
high predictive
address specific
summaries might
virtual system
alternative evaluation
repair word
regular past
grant lis
6 discuss
answer reranking
system reduced
tables 15
cette grammaire
computing meaning
negative response
arbitrary n
corresponds exactly
corresponding sense
principled means
mediated priming
reduction techniques
retrieval operation
recursive equations
target level
ivdi 3
respective types
modifier phrase
step iii
intermediary language
new root
rules applies
background theory
possible subsets
polarized lists
engineering aspects
syntactic paths
falaknuma express
alembic workbench
individual contribution
speech collection
given questions
general training
valuable clues
appropriate reference
singular concepts
contain either
data versus
high likelihood
compute frequencies
parameter vectors
initial label
n stands
ga yoi
subset thereof
first vowel
recent computational
extracted list
lt n
john sleep
cognitive basis
symbolic systems
move np
essay questions
candidate paraphrase
current chunk
performance impact
flat strategy
la r
practical implementation
associating words
william put
corresponding standard
romanized katakana
regression line
allows e
relational expressions
clusters containing
ambiguous sentences
japanese ne
templates describing
specific proposition
knowledge embedded
contracted words
likely tags
using xslt
fewer constraints
therefore introduce
association method
relations produced
including articles
operators like
improves recall
score category
file allows
expression algorithm
absolute model
function similarly
medical charts
oblique arguments
added knowledge
efficient data
initial construction
state variable
cs node
noun classifier
particular dictionary
e context
particular tree
values indexed
litman disambiguation
grammatical structures
correct analysis
asynchronous message
strings within
original baseline
pure indexicals
com null
literal argument
classified cases
agglomerative vector
capture linguistic
memory unit
object list
time per
noun preceded
benedetto et
available parsers
statement model
de formation
consecutive utterances
frame frequency
third reason
first lady
standard training
comment upon
monotone alignment
word connectivity
corpus include
determination system
input types
two explanations
something extra
letters representing
first principle
generated sub
two organizations
system usually
two component
severe data
a4 utt
map 2
avoid using
incomplete parses
1 flo
latter issue
katakana variant
identifying errors
issues including
thank ms
processing speed
passing messages
difficult challenge
including grammar
two sentences
tennis courts
miscellaneous group
b using
deletions list
generated conditioning
descripteurs du
alternative value
3 domain
convert english
v type
precision 0
eliminate non
rule preference
therefore x
good summaries
example applications
string w1
known heuristics
semantic readings
pair dictionary
dependent nature
metric algorithm
largest weight
item j
included examples
ebmt systems
pos annotations
whose entries
two students
relevance levels
also check
extract facts
wellner et
referential links
search interface
senses found
carry important
second maxim
rule introducing
increased speed
group patterns
nine adjectives
greatly improves
next research
previous wsd
interface point
je vois
german task
builds one
representing noun
antecedent sentence
utterance accuracy
select portions
adjacent argument
give mary
clinical documents
complete dialogue
participle suffix
oil sample
kernel machines
algorithm gave
produce patterns
trauma care
tagging strategies
also grammar
000 base
class pair
uses default
typical procedure
fifth column
style sheet
choi 2000
structure et
names consist
fraser 1994
differ systematically
unordered rules
e dans
without concern
one realizes
system choose
prosodic structures
interesting words
using cues
conditional class
text routing
demonstrative reference
minipar dependency
oov problem
number distinction
separated sentences
un peu
key data
occurs first
feature introduction
coherence problems
number attempted
shogun frames
textual boundaries
dialogue evaluation
figures 11
coreference class
et celle
feature order
exploit non
mixed strategy
average relevance
2 versus
whether a37
domain communication
benchmark corpus
resolving ambiguity
structures requires
least element
tree shows
net structure
similarity vectors
states per
higher preference
particular passage
node a88
partial f
old friend
reference record
dogs must
labeled dialogue
removing duplicates
conceptual memory
samples based
labeled roles
language representations
topic statements
subcategorization frames
tactical component
annotated texts
examples provided
maps two
system outputting
line processing
word answer
accurate estimates
inverted file
lexieal ambiguity
argument generation
partial definition
input lattice
dependency approaches
code name
computation performed
additional nodes
abstract pairs
productive endings
class identification
approach accounts
include redundant
345 sentences
semantic links
model matches
successful strategy
type rather
high values
separate strings
many others
clearest cases
primary factors
machine scores
single spatial
computer communication
item unit
solan et
linguistic parameters
arg max
bottom graph
sidner 83
coverage limitations
mother condition
formed feature
grammar tables
constituent classifier
equivalent pairs
architecture provides
three elements
intended word
objective case
memory overflow
user document
thes e
boolean product
independent extraction
user session
corresponding transitions
two estimates
reduce redundancy
mentioned problems
classification component
none exist
six cases
tag sentences
tests also
isa b
first translations
european linguistics
latter view
abstract predicate
every proof
models significantly
like agent
certain relation
hindle 1983
exact values
system employed
italic font
common function
accurately parse
th symbol
less work
distinguishing property
using transformation
probably refers
final ordering
ne model
instance pairs
expanded query
noun interest
larger effect
three ranges
segmentation must
linear thematization
much cleaner
upper half
right segmentation
schema could
rule succeeds
2 system
speech spectral
learn relevant
suzuki naoko
particular meaning
ask queries
final segments
programming system
substantial literature
letter trees
correction might
relations definable
terminal class
present article
data entered
moved towards
main theorem
illustrates part
normalised vectors
subcategorization classes
distinct attributes
rst stage
position vector
expression corresponds
contextual usage
relation structures
gamallo et
two sites
immediate goal
tasks might
overcome problems
distinct class
representation captures
extracting noun
training pairs
different data
type 4
paragraphs rather
accuracy increases
three annotation
english composition
previous algorithms
provides information
actual parameters
type du
please see
tim last
order difference
queries regarding
techniques including
small vocabularies
user experiments
framework consists
continuous input
analysis must
boolean function
recursive process
ewn synsets
parse number
inverted concatenation
node captures
japanese tree
sequence pair
called constituent
asr language
np would
tc37 sc4
whole structure
rules tend
zi xun
reitter et
analysis progresses
critical portion
nonrelevant texts
previous node
sentence segments
independent theory
compound concepts
expression enclosed
thesaural relations
nominal paradigm
express facts
takes time
rows representing
expectation rules
perform plan
different combinations
miles southeast
mt evaluations
relevant topics
output class
conjunction handling
given features
cluster id
new way
single transition
probable state
goal node
qualitative linguistic
dependency preference
system removes
rank candidate
spontaneous conversation
subcategorization frame
selection module
new dimension
identify answers
tills paper
model dependencies
incorrect guess
recognition problem
system entity
utility programs
different days
derivation could
tile stack
frequent expressions
define appropriate
first creates
cluster results
similar functionality
functional domain
target preposition
z statistic
good models
following predicates
related questions
although space
e ca
metal particles
la bonne
arguments would
various requirements
lexical derivation
a1 a67
deep intentions
defined topics
recursively drawn
mda system
green parts
statistical distributions
sections outline
corresponds approximately
affixes may
maximum numbers
use lower
concrete word
et lea
alternative set
unaspirated consonants
empirical process
round table
increasing specificity
important predictor
paraphrase research
improve topic
question segment
also selects
physical appearance
detect topics
possible inference
complicated set
gold edits
semantic mismatch
new constraints
new article
structuring mechanisms
one size
expressions denoting
inflectional element
decreasing error
corresponding forward
assisted instruction
grm library
one style
nonnative speakers
following comparison
grammar contained
improve parse
wrong context
structure syntactic
two baselines
pattern associated
per entity
level transducers
recall parse
language dialogues
model part
coder reliability
child dependency
smooth conversation
testing corpus
foremost among
counting words
candidate features
oriented categorization
seem difficult
tagging task
new inferences
answer fusion
arc labels
descent parser
required constituent
religious service
conventional implicature
based sequence
lemon juice
classify every
people talking
graph word
construction methods
59 years
000 edges
event counts
assessing performance
phrasal constituent
different projects
signature pairs
compatible wlth
2 words
ran experiments
elided vp
approximation methods
record representing
actions necessary
single chart
testing approach
valid suffixes
e core
particular tag
word similarities
muse corpus
multiple attachments
individual set
fits loosely
interactions must
integrated analysis
grant daa29
switchboard dialogues
individual outputs
conjunction rule
hand column
like n
free surface
spatial planning
corresponding forms
definite part
correct subcategorization
actual test
also ha
similar grammatical
copyright 1989
arc may
list provided
underlying goal
tighter constraints
verb precedes
modi cations
examples 2
scoring formula
line process
nobel prize
using rouge
particular nature
hyponym relationship
collins 2002
including dictionaries
built thesaurus
one third
based categorial
among tasks
input means
based strategies
context template
user towards
statistical figures
lexicalized context
joshi 1988
model increases
atomic propositions
target translation
type expression
des modules
dat e
language lt
tuning parameters
abbreviatory device
cannot fulfill
animate np
rules made
complex decision
specific functions
deterministic approach
single figure
ordering adjectives
dominican republic
computer text
alternative system
weekly article
proper meaning
informational relation
joshi supertagging
rule feature
different queries
small pieces
c refer
goldman 1975
particular order
document 0
standard notions
c pairs
resulting output
differences using
comparable levels
unusual way
get runoff
coherent sentences
region weighting
gloss weight
graceful interaction
grammatical theories
constituent tests
kanzi character
parallel parsers
phrase v
systems attempt
application described
equations used
trained set
easily generate
words indicative
500 nouns
statistical extraction
pattern ranking
previous states
improving word
additional text
unification result
constituent labelled
typical subjects
necessarily yield
motivation relation
important tool
proposes possible
novel text
simple responses
another grammar
salience constraint
frame instances
head co
verb lists
error feedback
components operating
subject followed
combines advantages
economy class
parameter search
using witten
tagging decisions
software modules
relations required
word positions
specific generalization
terminological simplification
direct method
give john
extraction work
chinese versions
positive association
protein entity
rich models
training facilities
text one
negotiative dialogue
semantic classi
associative networks
satisfaction relation
jump edge
relationships expressed
event referents
tree generating
short words
modifying clause
identical results
chunk code
speech word
simila r
cerebral palsy
size using
e rel
different attitudes
cohesiveness evaluation
argument using
emotional attitude
identify promising
traditional transfer
text markers
elles sont
jack got
log prob
triple set
particular modifier
produce possible
corresponding utterance
160 microphone
ranked lists
attribute vector
alternative options
new right
appropriate subcategorisation
occurs independently
singular noun
called information
acyclic context
h 2
terminology identification
challenge posed
des consonnes
learner corpora
three attributes
naive baseline
first clusters
preceding antecedent
informal descriptions
remaining problem
rule allowing
many candidates
features 4
coarser tagset
occurring frequency
yesterday john
corpus built
wide application
classified terms
information matching
many areas
turning points
np der
remarks may
general requirements
rst relations
distinct steps
overall word
entity depends
separate evaluation
certain region
new xml
terminal syntactic
grammar codes
tile message
avoids using
extended word
node a0
speaker gaze
umass researcher
rapid growth
concern information
driven text
ga mary
statistical theory
approach even
positive semantic
last characters
hearers use
distribution problem
august 1996
predicate words
include methods
looks similar
via transformation
new constraint
wordnet classes
task documentation
critical aspects
ten prefer
network allows
multiword term
additional funding
unrelated articles
method c
content vector
syntactic level
user obtains
event list
situation dialogue
gr scheme
usual notion
linguistic device
disambiguating verb
coordinated nps
writing systems
approaches extract
behaves like
likes coffee
bow approach
categories 2
aspectual operators
discourse scores
per answer
scored results
marginal frequencies
isolated questions
words fl
wsj parser
passive voice
alignment step
database construction
harmful effects
flat parse
printed character
equal amounts
values tend
park 1995
bigger number
role pattern
contain feature
translation tables
category algorithm
loglcal form
dialogue fragment
every derivation
constraints involving
contain examples
cl c
trees consisting
100 sets
without movement
vast amounts
front part
optimum results
adaptation algorithm
guide interpretation
elementary level
hownet category
k highest
precision figures
hits returned
definitions include
deep relations
orthographic patterns
articles included
alternative words
processing proposed
voiceless consonant
prenominal adjective
occurrence hypothesis
classifier combination
tree templates
aggregation functions
either technique
infinite hierarchy
string forms
systems according
symbol like
ai expert
specified character
possible symbols
2 percentage
four sub
various newspapers
important rules
automatic verb
order propositional
estimation techniques
accuracy falls
statistical purposes
another relevant
similar things
backoff path
surface speech
scores attached
input chat
linguistic justification
contain local
98 operating
often yields
weak crossover
nodes b
secondary readings
cannot make
phrasal information
design strategy
logic form
similar questions
reply frame
full treatment
rating scheme
basic domain
procedure searches
presents new
manual input
syntactical characteristics
fact necessary
source location
previous occurrences
iff v
phrase node
system machine
valid feature
pitch accents
second pattern
accumulated counts
dialogue system
data make
per hour
channel data
data perfectly
makes confirmation
present sense
subj v
initial tsr
interaction coverage
system wip
conversational history
inadequate syllable
reliable effect
15 iterations
available space
transition states
related features
type alignment
desired effects
value structure
senses may
multiple languages
proper order
rome labs
given transliteration
domain since
hyphenated words
du vin
let n
list 2
including agreement
campaign code
low levels
n language
demodified terms
coreference resolution
c edge
acceptable paraphrases
ambiguous pairs
concrete example
reference interaction
je vous
23 languages
process applies
one episode
given row
verb particle
constraints block
consist mostly
application framework
area model
microphone arrays
preprocessing system
g ii
based task
parsing methods
supplementary knowledge
associates probabilities
28 features
applied bayes
encoding may
bidirectional inference
token belongs
test design
constraints introduced
risk training
spelling pattern
surface segment
espresso machine
small domain
one ne
treasury bill
reduce operation
requires users
table iv
activities within
two measures
main methodological
cover cases
parser interprets
substitutability criterion
parametric constant
object frames
potential topics
cdg rule
penman text
entry represents
next formula
order analysis
interactive task
stable state
level errors
e available
final finite
avoid dead
study attempts
describe eventualities
body location
subj agr
experienced analysts
measures also
verbs combine
secondary links
rounded piece
knowledge required
synthesis technology
graphical features
among collocations
des alpes
correction based
called mary
extensional responses
den bosch
ordinary atn
work falls
corresponding head
parser whose
message planner
include either
resulting patterns
simple stemming
collocations retrieved
coordinative ellipsis
simple methods
additional metrics
generally cannot
sans succ
inferring discourse
method allows
tasks based
enhance existing
work dealing
word salad
funded speech
check check
step consists
windows application
copying operation
user learn
graph model
segment whose
network paths
training update
two pairs
word given
prosody information
typical n
np rule
normal words
possible effects
monolingual web
language lacks
current computer
knowledge entities
complete integration
canonical representation
information spaces
commonsense understanding
search processes
class lexicon
speech event
external application
alignment process
little benefit
levow et
optimal policy
file contains
codon 12
smaller class
graph theoretic
expressive language
variance across
right window
single contextual
processes questions
complexity measures
inflection mechanism
dispositional dependency
two paragraphs
brings forward
anaphoric antecedent
people wish
consistent labeling
verbal representation
measures across
effective application
objects via
metrics related
grammatical collocations
uses distributional
word correctly
rests upon
model falls
remaining features
11 e
washington post
object classes
hypotheses whose
distinguishing among
component developed
class voting
1 part
term belongs
true parallel
index number
dif cult
p computes
models obtained
explanation component
using f
based decisions
randomly sample
agreement results
predicate role
requires calculation
lig formalism
show l
new standard
k x
candidate lists
convey important
side string
word matrix
interesting approaches
overall event
training treebank
graphemic forms
narrative discourse
entity named
type error
scott et
another alternative
previous case
groups used
answer snippets
context includes
different relative
approaches also
relevant feature
three steps
sense restriction
using definition
allows training
sharing content
relevant examples
possible lengths
modal language
two scripts
category coordination
n whose
ice bag
project undertaken
require explicit
character mapping
category corresponds
various solutions
head requires
resulting representations
states 7
one property
leader nelson
ranking systems
thematic unit
systems outperformed
compound noun
capture non
meaning expressed
relevant individuating
grant gr
work flow
satisfaction models
different association
dialogue cooperativity
pick pn
slow processing
voting ratio
clustering framework
processing load
scale cfg
unique sequence
best method
program uses
blackboard system
defined feature
role chains
string theory
builds logical
bearing elements
parser configurations
simple narratives
e information
position r
object frame
significant enhancement
generation using
august 1995
tree substitution
definitional information
path method
observed behavior
behave according
one monolingual
data related
auxiliary distribution
different bracketings
database tables
line describes
ad hoc
following items
build separate
different settings
methods exist
paper shows
monolingual sense
entropy definition
length encoding
john uses
help adjust
constraint induced
structuring module
reduce tile
seen words
units tend
term language
interpreter must
extended example
0 test
types 1
pitch rises
type approximation
facts together
induction processes
head relationships
associated annotations
best learning
recent work
jjv corpus
typed l
brackets per
tag pairs
word semantics
sound pattern
grant lre
performing translation
relevant factors
testing conditions
role relationships
morph length
strategies discussed
network composed
approach divides
translation chinese
nonterminal set
rule p2
moens summarizing
rule performs
orthogonal vectors
unification results
alternate translations
term relationship
aligned positions
precedes another
variable may
extended model
definite form
first symbols
goal g
movie showtime
utterance 13
domain data
john kicked
phon value
single use
genitive noun
participants make
construction could
pcfg distributions
words resulting
dell 1986
called x
category function
involves extracting
similarity weight
design goal
word corresponding
abductive scheme
asr models
constituent depends
structures available
classified based
verb co
structure generation
page pair
aspectual composition
ground truths
relative importance
used consists
segmented elements
unambiguous triger
control table
various things
general grammatical
phrasal position
de representer
par exemple
4 constraints
show clearly
ga john
rewriting systems
used recall
factors include
required output
german also
inheritance clauses
information resulted
various questions
find information
done nothing
separate set
clustering criteria
languages require
different labels
creating gold
unlabeled node
discrete models
diesem problem
report generators
class would
readable text
decision would
good alignments
tuple matching
generative syntactic
computer data
several fields
minor syntactic
ordinary english
keep consistency
meaning rule
techniques perform
clause modifies
news item
sentences discussed
existing entry
linking rules
corresponding letter
semantic stylistic
hierarchical domain
derived dag
network learns
determine appropriate
future improvement
ones given
project 393
2006 workshop
key passages
le plan
columns represent
adding n
distributive reading
two edge
information even
find alternatives
5 f
among sentence
key nouns
additional data
ts used
harder cases
meeting event
noun radj
one tree
collect domain
incremental feature
kwic search
second context
stylistic grammar
prove fruitful
edge based
phrase occurrences
corresponding fill
young person
first coordinate
balanced sentences
conditional generation
eight times
clir performance
unicode standard
dictionary mentioned
storage management
possible lexemes
features relating
4 summarizes
achieve communicative
textual meaning
text processors
sentence group
thus matches
task carried
valency structure
french analysis
trigram based
comparison vector
also view
three probability
coreferential chains
result showed
following terminology
chrysler officials
latter part
adverbial expressions
standard grammatical
r respectively
collins 96
base e
conversational systems
human sentence
relationship underlying
eliminative parsing
lfg schema
graham et
parse template
widen scope
identical nodes
results axe
person responsible
tangora system
best interpretations
argl bird
nsf iis
recent years
morphological readings
rank answers
topological features
verb pattern
defining formulae
standard normal
lexicalized constituent
40 words
charm offensive
grammar therefore
sentences total
negative infinity
see subsection
remain unnoticed
three segmentation
relative closeness
semantic knowledge
input representation
kullback leibler
steven j
maureen gelt
orientation links
axe described
quam sis
grammatical sentence
et x
lexicalization process
graphs extracted
query includes
underlying root
mountain ranges
propositional structure
information structure
example english
another link
perceptual component
resulting dialogues
e expected
effective dialogue
messages within
function structure
database contained
term acquisition
trial set
coreferential relationships
several pre
right box
possible accuracy
rest method
top answer
person using
extracted pair
different sections
efficient fashion
graphic presentation
dialogue understanding
substantial knowledge
syntactic translation
function tagging
fragment combiner
classifies new
two marks
driven data
monolingual capitalization
time required
measure expressions
words contained
case particles
reading process
correctly understood
finite sentence
first precondition
added advantage
full dictionary
anaphoric potential
full tree
based classifications
n summaries
tractable dictionary
based solutions
lr states
whole syllable
using prediction
purpose database
programming approaches
pruning algorithm
fm radio
longer training
temporal trace
place boundaries
several tests
limited computer
u j
participating teams
concept structure
handle syntactic
issuing commands
representative classifier
matching predicates
inserted node
possible locations
common subsumers
pairwise classifiers
factors section
optimal range
joshua goodman
different passages
show another
result field
different nouns
axiomatic knowledge
bank terminology
ungrammatical sentences
different target
prose style
global lexical
passing model
trigram term
different linear
qualifying phrases
mays et
evidence suggests
language plus
object pair
compute recall
present forms
much domain
sequence would
koskenniemi formalism
relational structures
indirect co
accuracy drop
opinion extraction
minimum weight
test materials
system given
making component
5 sets
generative probability
giving p
pure finite
special action
morphosyntactic tags
single insertion
structural ambiguities
strings occurring
agricultural products
de boni
improves precision
3of course
many domains
preferred analysis
clause occurs
contains sentence
results reveal
different kind
descriptive order
fait chaud
tre e
based paraphrase
des changements
short sequences
30 times
occurs due
marilyn walker
morphological variant
general comments
noun interpreter
method learns
word contributes
type compatible
instance according
experiment suggest
theoretic model
np non
representing p
diathesis alternations
extra cost
ldoce entry
two claims
combine using
union operation
search domain
automatic systems
texts may
indicative multidocument
manual rules
explicit negation
move class
team could
system correctly
stage architecture
weight b
rules compiled
sentence expressed
collaborative negotiation
product similarity
table information
form involving
uniform manner
methods rely
improved speech
unacceptable sentence
tipster summac
fet analysis
single consistent
girl likes
100 training
two assertions
argument roles
output generation
build corpora
ainsi la
piao et
refers uniquely
additional queries
separate study
structured stacks
cubed scoring
lower parts
webber et
provide conclusive
procedure converges
deterministic automaton
ignore information
person talk
networks perform
reranking experiments
ce bureau
program must
new subclasses
given co
errorful input
langendoen 1975
individual levels
describe experiments
single turn
cant improvements
various versions
term relation
f maps
segment record
based questions
large pool
modify word
phrase headwords
together define
expresses doubt
string fill
relationships hold
similar sounds
thus part
cette notion
lexical accounts
translate names
wrong information
second claim
structural interpretation
paraphrasing pair
mississippi river
memory cells
exploration system
best separates
grammaticality judgments
greatest difference
2004 data
digital form
pragmatic restrictions
alignment length
complete interpreter
cannot appear
visual inspection
segment discourse
large grammars
japanese parsing
ryan mcdonald
er trained
always finds
lower portion
interpretation mechanisms
lyons 1977
another issue
pure linguistic
expertise field
secondary adjunctions
coder choice
continuous line
infinitive clauses
knowledge consists
final rule
conclusions contained
checking table
rhetorical function
network shown
new subset
idf method
one spelling
new forms
potential feature
find citations
data appear
based statistics
update operations
grammatical interpretations
automatic search
index 2
error ok
disambiguation decision
symbol pr
projective prepositions
approximately corresponds
garside et
open brackets
commercial search
equivalent deterministic
xml documents
transfer systems
event frames
alternative sequences
rule indicates
proposition conveyed
possible predicates
often arises
undirected edge
coherence based
accented word
parsing spoken
president reagan
form block
retrieval environment
725 sentences
entire definition
actual search
illocutionary level
every man
particle features
meanings within
significant content
linguistic development
many names
generation application
define language
srl performance
matching technique
several meanings
cognate information
name often
attitude toward
lcs linking
research team
information graphic
create separate
points using
single sound
finished scoring
quantifier every
comparing cases
log 1
gram coverage
presentation generator
sketchy scripts
default settings
verb requires
base sets
highest activation
dense text
algorithm outperformed
given pattern
full meaning
g represents
auditory system
string except
also design
event nominals
edol hypothesis
wsj system
ment de
semantic clues
signal corp
6 point
large difference
functions allows
computer generated
3 positions
spanish analysis
outside scores
alternative approaches
common components
syntactic boundary
factors beyond
verb chains
different fashion
route finder
stem part
default semantic
attribute used
simple spoken
1 form
scope specifications
subcategorization properties
text classifier
responses given
total instances
construct models
negra annotation
construct complete
whose distribution
becomes 1
short review
italian lexical
use real
20 measurement
paragraph elements
wise mutual
professional abstracts
ellipsis resolver
00 flight
formulae may
basic entity
multimodal interface
video sequences
strong notion
produces fluent
using abduction
value constant
250 byte
classification used
system examines
normative system
ing forms
dialogue levels
rich schwartz
weighting coefficient
certain choices
development could
relational atoms
interesting feature
trees instead
transfer search
grain size
maximal degree
network contains
utterance since
three runs
phone classification
points worse
following type
kanzi characters
polysemous class
event classes
new utterance
models proposed
incorporate constraints
three books
previous descriptions
right application
store data
open directory
criteria might
xml analyzer
actual development
inspired work
visualization tools
l scores
verb relationships
generated scores
encoded text
smooth probability
base described
cannot overlap
terminals corresponding
filling process
application sequence
levenstein distance
three presentations
type o1
quality parallel
mt translation
content used
traditional ones
individual coherence
slot type
shaded areas
magnitude less
include examples
polynomial p
example 52
one tag
7 note
biology texts
translated noun
narrative line
number scale
gemini grammar
another view
w yhfwru
error codes
high correlations
event object
many problems
explicit indicators
information technologies
c according
hmm network
allen 1987
practical tasks
succeeding word
el padre
feasibility study
arguments hold
occur since
a23 a3
mentions referring
local binder
earlier rule
latent classes
sibling label
extraction rate
representations shown
adjacency constraint
60 degrees
queries like
results see
function labelling
2 appear
question containing
boundaries lie
three generation
official testing
event frame
language skills
a0 a12
variance accounted
method shown
native format
ranked context
training iteration
hpsg parse
existing methods
time earlier
1 categories
organizations involved
dependent interpretation
cube f
often co
following update
handling component
corresponding tape
semantic priming
symbol ph
anaphoric processing
muslea et
expression components
incorrect sentences
nl results
gr assignment
feature corresponds
greatest degree
complex multimodal
space location
handling sentences
dependency kernels
1 trees
3 min
meaning base
let go
subjective sense
whole population
problems also
percent correctness
global characteristics
one restriction
nirenburg 1994
wsj ptb
decision rule
deeper knowledge
iff g
ueffing et
natural computation
le tableau
les outils
graphical displays
time lag
size 0
les expressions
coverage analyzer
questions may
people say
argument alternations
convex hull
epistle project
immediate right
variety conversations
argument 0
lexical id
verse pairs
every complex
either type
federici et
articl e
predictions derived
mail server
constraint holds
thus require
four databases
segmentation component
langlais et
cannot indicate
dialogue sequences
paris 1989
important class
complex finite
tim grammar
specific instance
full tag
string compositionality
user rejects
route theory
complete nucleus
make statements
idiomatic nature
e john
concrete lexical
left comer
twenty three
level formalisms
simple heuristic
linking elements
sequence tl
accuracy might
large samples
null form
candidate space
unit consisting
rule collection
resolution processes
impossible interpretations
two stack
information concerned
terms frequently
time savings
data indicate
political entities
nom sujet
implementing hpsg
longer sequence
g f
table position
manipulate objects
statistic methods
input understanding
wrong supertag
predicate call
medical information
figures may
predicted response
taxonomic superordinate
syntactic struc
namely time
work makes
clear consensus
minimal sets
english keyboard
1992 test
simple overlap
standard versions
typical parse
conditions set
random occurrence
extension de
parsing control
like location
access value
problems involved
integrate syntax
equal frequency
dependent function
string fills
sources together
analysis component
text mark
patterns expressing
different viewpoints
name recognition
likely analysis
question cannot
greatly increase
interface designer
using parameter
empirical threshold
strong cohesion
computer handbook
particular algorithm
channel target
distinct derivations
target classes
advanced users
see riezler
words appeared
default linear
large degree
xg rules
inverted case
rules since
weighting measure
actual ie
wrong position
100 parses
model relations
entity belonging
feature function
phrases used
full vocabulary
output using
syntactic generalisations
modeling task
sentences uttered
unigram parameters
expected value
symbols e
major topics
heidorn 1975
since knowledge
object argument
significant tendency
space separating
standard algorithms
head constituent
marked constructions
based top
english gold
larger project
interesting groupings
realization rules
veri ed
volume 8
delimited intervals
indirect relationships
likelihood estimators
et a1
logic approach
based features
wordnet lexicon
simple control
english contexts
frequency cases
term models
model makes
sinica treebank
proceedings 1995
training procedures
simple feature
domain expertise
target object
simple examples
working version
model starts
graphic word
operations apply
diacritic marks
continuous oovs
examples correspond
complex linguistic
langage naturel
type ii
application requirements
several user
characters instead
lexical analyzer
recall shows
without consideration
referential nets
pointwise mutual
better predict
knowledge claim
way toward
obvious feature
processing heuristics
actual result
probability times
obvious examples
national projects
tripartite event
large components
limited inference
sense definitions
given phoneme
association table
values reflecting
converts english
target frame
width system
several modifiers
pattern table
bigram frequency
car would
theoretical difficulties
must state
five domain
document repositories
lemma 4
ni hon
individual domains
example represents
work might
specific location
implicit assumptions
current act
system defined
16 categories
system inserts
within coverage
correction model
first comparison
xiao xi
vacuum cleaner
source tu
antecedent verb
use input
alice smith
user time
state goal
great frequency
basic multi
flctitious counts
system answered
labelling task
token may
six word
trec genomics
2 feature
using timbl
serve directly
term selection
user speech
accusative objects
unabbreviated form
restrictive context
practical efficiency
name expansion
la sorte
heavily favor
domain labels
complicating factors
1 tokens
also matches
words normally
pp information
previous computational
tutoring applications
short newspaper
huge improvement
syntactic aggregation
resolving segmentation
properly contains
pruning phase
following boolean
sparseness problems
mechanism seems
human annotator
free style
analogous context
algorithms produced
given context
additional semantic
focused word
lfg functional
involves moving
necessary extensions
cannot implement
rate drops
dictionary bank
correct performance
giving priority
answer terms
2 indicate
model might
r 1992
comparison experiments
contextual language
help eliminate
basic machine
translation resource
example e
b believes
four combination
tou zi
preposition definitions
relevant parts
synset identifier
lost contact
another design
conll shared
errors committed
emerging topic
dreamy detergents
results might
operation involving
structure manipulations
eventually converge
subjectivity classifier
priori listing
linear approximation
spelled words
japanese verbal
complex refos
lexical tagging
scale corpus
linguistic divergences
microelectronics capability
known metaphors
defined patterns
filler partially
contain concepts
computation tree
context provides
toeic scores
different treatments
car company
oriented metrics
larger weights
title revision
make training
additional labels
another containing
pronoun depends
restricted world
monolingual head
successive text
interrupt mechanism
one screw
strong performance
van der
syntactical similarity
stowage compartment
hmm alignment
discourse framework
distributional phenomena
event initial
time context
relevant portion
matching pairs
patterns represented
information technology
related goals
automatic trend
transcription factor
system dependent
journal text
particular languages
operator called
pause group
whose instantiation
headword location
priority order
vector set
restriction relaxation
labrador yesterday
pragmatic presuppositions
transitivity alternations
effective integration
something stronger
pivot language
perry 1983
grenoble cedex
inverse operation
categories correspond
naive classifier
process communication
cluster numbers
individual facts
service news
final stages
slot 23
article generator
realization variants
something done
nodes share
clauses g
strategy generator
model explicitly
smoothing matrix
exponential increase
chinese homophone
classifier learns
single learner
similar entities
addressing issues
label classes
case folding
manual annotation
inference procedure
every public
open domain
various lists
tile major
first technique
first cluster
variables taking
anchored items
experiments might
actor must
without probabilities
pro les
linguistic categorization
matching predicate
authors using
bantu languages
understanding conference
local key
third layer
separate levels
diagonal cell
underlying web
rule hierarchy
hold true
prolog programming
traditional categories
written material
recognition methods
hidden parameters
precise queries
oriented gde
separator characters
1000 lines
like boycott
better illustrate
steps must
piecemeal fashion
knowledge learned
take complements
system translations
pronominal references
van santen
constructions would
good hypothesis
lexicon represents
practical benefit
many phrase
dataset includes
extended tst
interpretation module
pair languages
formula 1
automated summarization
x stands
random words
one canonical
3 examines
destination node
quantitative comparison
including part
particular product
first column
noun complements
identifies discourse
scores 2
r values
systems reported
english hpsg
head information
centering account
un code
cost estimate
400 training
multilingual web
xml technologies
noise removal
role information
south bridge
target states
integration strategies
match according
machine l
select appropriate
model approach
philosophical point
predictive annotation
document date
two corpora
head token
hypothesis factoring
linguistic usage
rule modules
parent process
different name
dictionary creation
argument realization
represent meaning
automatic categorization
following subsections
layout constraints
distributional methods
interpretation agents
metadata description
different plans
signal processor
dominating word
received wisdom
scoring criteria
frame matching
coordinated multimedia
left branch
main path
relations available
reduce errors
english origin
world applications
morphological marker
phrase following
linguistic triples
global effect
mare verb
possible items
decision maker
concepts correspond
centered approach
ccg combinatory
using mono
extract word
enabled dialogue
also part
frequency range
die tageszeitung
grained control
max switched
ten categories
abstract factor
rank matrix
integrated classifier
values since
examples include
use longer
one pass
l represents
document sources
markers along
tag according
iso 8879
individual problems
factor 2
framework rather
initial strings
traditional nlp
formal constructs
london heathrow
events based
structured results
submarine kursk
oriented language
3 ft
left links
valued parameter
tree fragments
certain constituents
lemma holds
contiguous regions
human speaking
damping factor
particular function
subtle aspects
evaluate systems
tim basis
models representing
fragment might
level parser
evaluation using
sls community
single level
pro score
referring action
provides sufficient
planner using
relevance based
true grammar
people may
establish co
tutoring research
symbolics 3600
automata whose
filtering system
second token
ambiguities inherent
built systems
e string
syllable sequence
cannot exceed
conventional phrase
adv class
judgment plans
11 l
generation activities
ldb queries
el dolor
appropriate actions
grammar union
similar co
approach proposes
work supported
entity boundaries
existing lexicons
valued indicator
distributed architecture
encoded data
application functionality
certain belief
consistent manner
shift action
actual usage
probable source
heuristics used
set k
thank two
document belonging
statistical treatment
tst4 test
earlier stages
dissimilar words
sufficient task
less number
double quotation
phrase consists
summary structure
disambiguator uses
measure dissimilarity
alfa romeo
hudson 1984
spelling information
correct meanings
argument depends
evaluation benchmark
l e
business meetings
informative sample
subsequent items
labeling tasks
ldd resolution
host crawler
xtract stage
largest data
chomsky 1995
large ontology
method l
overall scheme
process continues
rules found
variable n
relevant concepts
suitable features
tests could
called links
extended scheme
bear 1986
characterizing dialogue
supporting research
matching edge
formalism permits
different functions
clearest example
de plusieurs
kehler 2002
spelling alternatives
classification experiment
goals include
basic criterion
define complete
issue becomes
determine language
frequent domain
input directly
attributes contained
every structure
opinion sources
weil ich
lnr research
features simply
parser specifically
coreferential information
reference books
linguistic results
one parsing
primary event
typical fillers
effort must
relation recognition
referents already
alignment threshold
terminology aids
cascaded atns
analysis utilizing
subject attribute
privacy issues
defined concepts
big problem
operator f
spearman correlation
vital information
clinical meetings
multiple decision
source dependency
require special
case assigning
indexing tools
original user
best parameters
analysis produces
sense tags
distance constraints
convenient framework
users might
partial solutions
grammar means
practical setting
educational setting
object would
paraphrase sets
consider language
using strategies
two pages
thompson 1986
primed words
valuation function
functional semantics
irregular verb
similar pattern
words give
crfs define
whole discourse
third condition
design constraints
score higher
propositions appearing
input onto
end planning
complex rule
dative shift
execution accomplished
duration annotations
37 seconds
task type
interpretation remains
vp unit
negotiation subdialogues
di erent
proper interpretation
existing spoken
boundary punctuation
unfilled argument
structured resources
verb constituent
side 2
directory assistance
categories include
example described
fill gaps
global collaborative
2 peter
far example
japan science
explicit statements
canonical names
one fundamental
using h
1987 wall
null curacy
grammar extracted
c expressions
primitive rules
new potential
immersive virtual
subject completed
occurrence constraint
complicated cases
completion rate
based parsers
initial parser
estimation routine
sports domain
question taxonomy
corpus occurrence
concise notation
unsatisfactory outputs
primary example
generation expert
closely resembles
actual results
suggest directions
different prosodic
l f
indirect request
norm model
increase retrieval
several tools
partial paraphrase
block occurs
code associated
given pronoun
completely determines
aoi3t 1992
extension model
explicit criteria
prosodic stress
left substring
implemented prototype
full parsing
several respects
nlu system
ga tabe
corpus versus
periodic data
express word
present simulation
statistical ne
distortion model
numbers following
answer based
evidence drawn
etymological origin
manual effort
performing algorithms
answer presentation
test tokens
various entities
disambiguate ambiguous
conventional clustering
task covers
label pair
pronominal anaphoric
text sizes
traditional machine
syntactic frames
struc null
la formule
substantive words
individual cases
potential patterns
tree matching
probability structure
locality property
scope statements
frequency terms
oriented projects
major feature
sort rules
sentence modifiers
different direction
voiced stops
chapter 2
nested annotation
keyword frequency
relation via
structure determined
uses rhetorical
associated function
2 performs
minimal training
source instances
one world
19th century
mark indicating
reference topic
joint conference
recurring entities
annotated document
expected words
bidders list
result 1
system clusters
pronoun interpreter
occur less
computing facility
token alignments
user interface
help evaluate
grammar evaluation
order logical
asr n
story domain
internet access
linguistic resources
higher word
summary rows
target natural
concepts include
dictionary used
kashin ship
e developed
twelve hours
nonterminal domains
data defines
rf language
reference episodes
structures attached
detect possible
string within
june 1983
former type
word symbols
rules generated
clarificatory comparison
threshold method
syntactic simpli
average matching
main list
computational procedures
type called
subordination restrictions
milton leitenberg
vocabulary use
unsupervised topic
criteria must
free property
email summarisation
grammar tends
target equivalents
50 bytes
specific concept
use rules
driven fashion
coherence model
based truecaser
incorrect pairs
answer mrs
count sense
last consonant
bilingual tuples
www browser
regular case
sun 3
communicational efficiency
maximum constituents
model organisms
promised john
contrast model
way based
topological space
corresponding ne
method reaches
order classifier
jensen 1986
input buffer
parser hypothesizes
weka toolkit
horizontal word
syntactic classes
target case
logical disjunction
containing thousands
recurrent connections
patterns also
signal words
mitre corporation
probability calculations
language feedback
frame describes
sentiment units
lower half
peter szolovits
convey certain
every frontier
cost depends
one satisfying
string distance
future implementation
get reasonable
match procedures
contains 60
4 head
memory bias
finite graph
found sense
type represents
three application
full world
improvement made
tipster phase
plan reasoner
156 event
generated sets
complete item
five phonemes
incorrect predicate
rotating mass
tense verbs
every department
negative class
interesting parts
logic must
speech uttered
schabes 1992
paragraph segmentation
tone sequence
defeasible information
correct edges
clef document
typical way
statistical property
subsumption pair
term abstractions
dialect may
desired type
sentences fit
syntactic object
workspace contains
problem 2
denotations server
pos guessing
tests revealed
include patterns
phonemic set
specific expectations
another part
processing difficulties
measure combines
place among
full papers
validation performance
translations together
missing names
return 0
linear combination
help analysts
1 corpus
first predicate
global assignment
buying event
natural evaluation
c implementation
predefined context
trigram trained
syntactic score
end tags
several classification
initial evaluation
output symbol
weighted version
certain cost
virtual community
la ricerca
several letters
precise semantic
syntactic frame
pentium processor
interpolation technique
patterns across
research system
conceptual domain
network file
generic dictionary
expected responses
nf proofs
treating coordination
consonant group
journal data
values found
low inter
document boundaries
basic solution
partial coverage
every tenth
produces english
ambiguous expressions
error dominant
onr muri
proportions test
algorithm reported
insightful comments
existing examples
meaning without
case recognition
purpose grammar
syntactic filtering
optimal word
base mwu
verb information
ontological schema
frequent collocations
using task
recognizer tries
utterances violate
1 state
f b
web rather
experiments based
making claims
vote among
score provides
cluster models
proposed segmentation
er wird
oriented summaries
stochastic tags
vectors used
chunking application
data indicates
long phrase
writing text
verb token
target argument
given constituent
people frequently
user utters
also express
concepts section
dimensional case
document style
turn consists
permutation procedure
noun singular
others may
pre xed
process since
sentence plays
operational speech
compute precision
compression length
feature grammars
gf resource
force behind
like wordnet
testing sentences
2 defines
portion tps
stressed words
free tree
understandin g
black majority
la similitude
horiz size
rel node
reasonable set
convincingly argue
ver los
considerations concerning
perspective provides
syntactic account
radical difference
possible type
information whose
absolute reduction
approach takes
sequences allowed
whether performance
function whose
specified contexts
function optimization
separate hierarchies
basic semantics
35 years
primitive action
step fails
90 deg
noun agrees
system associates
dummy variables
annotated database
corpus words
integrates different
model recovers
stop clinical
next training
size alone
arc leading
stop state
br instance
audio interaction
clause describes
entailment problem
numerical order
several remarks
inclusion rates
accuracy large
partitioned data
expected percentage
two expressions
internal vowel
verb compound
a36 a26
use variants
particular dialog
quality audio
contextual models
four cities
works effectively
relative order
speculative sentences
cluster selection
systematic disagreement
following advantages
acceptable f
employ either
described methods
structures developed
hierarchical expansion
pse instance
resultant parse
systematic correspondence
remain fixed
similar context
word lengths
pour que
ces livres
propagate features
synthesis procedure
significant use
candidate constituent
ontology would
directed activity
statistical tree
without time
recognition software
selection contexts
many messages
current technique
np schema
2nd order
uses pos
acceptable definition
topical analysis
following operations
also form
distance along
cooccurrence pairs
formalism works
accurate speech
irrelevant attributes
hiragana strings
without speech
initial value
perform disambiguation
comprehension performance
features irrelevant
underlying forms
occurring times
single translation
30 verbs
scoring parses
uniform approach
labelled nodes
every successive
football player
english lus
judged relevant
recognizer transcripts
17 subjects
full bilingual
parsing logic
extensive world
real task
type f
new processing
1 th
fr documents
single path
column b
relation graph
neural network
modeling power
preference learning
work must
entire sequence
generate responses
specific wordnet
lingual texts
coordinated speech
parseval results
parse errors
long range
whereby words
robust implementation
including pitch
news services
complete treatment
single maximum
many issues
systematic biases
type definition
source coreference
simple patterns
asr hypothesis
mark sentence
work progresses
ct performance
h2 values
obtained result
map display
scheme originally
query task
extraneous variables
complex non
agreement relation
explicitly models
speaker means
representing objects
contained errors
warrant generation
hprd corpus
informational goal
agr feature
sont les
different variation
compiled code
x belongs
separate problems
bad score
7 see
omit discussion
lexical description
function apply
grammars obtained
occur first
erks meaning
specialized processing
language construction
state q0
de construction
refering expresions
cf parsing
extracted rule
input problems
features called
frequently cannot
one verbal
equality condition
recognized plan
work packages
writing aid
time available
simple logic
chosen node
signal understanding
graduate record
specific arguments
lf2 rule
specific prior
step 4
definition length
aaron copland
two ladders
occurrence frequency
weighted term
within paragraph
best aer
question bias
5 task
om training
control structure
solving process
two cs
2 indicates
values generated
final run
hypothesis suggests
random sequences
three men
baseline set
model must
correlated pair
syntactic states
x utterances
categorization scheme
instances created
indirect information
added flexibility
categorisation system
article use
gaze duration
grammar processor
question form
possible improvement
whole conversation
string length
homographic word
core template
incorporate long
generic meaning
finite grid
reliability score
rules consist
atn interpreter
kill schema
many descriptive
sufficient statistics
structures annotated
contradictory relations
morphological operation
results must
eurotra framework
latter approach
2 parts
strategy reflects
one objective
voice source
early update
tile mt
za identification
adjusted rand
embedded drs
duc evaluation
temporal domain
different colour
search criterion
triples generated
include concepts
sequences consisting
certain parse
right surface
ratio score
naive user
soft cohesion
users based
present b
mantique du
domain name
tree selected
template lling
literal expression
relevant noun
good story
input units
score h
une position
domain plans
global modeling
past couple
november 2002
like q
changing articles
form utterances
two discourses
dominance graphs
using kappa
dif ferent
methodology presented
offers many
probabilistic modeling
atis evaluation
utterance turns
recognition heuristic
literature provides
multiple segments
span variables
4 furthermore
frequent sentence
rules help
global similarity
raymond perrault
given information
person leaving
serial machines
subsumption ordering
word lexemes
translation evaluation
oriented models
frameset tag
250 documents
revised algorithm
node a24
52 words
event descriptions
trained tagger
learned system
processing cycle
half way
forest may
cte strategy
x beats
general pattern
lexical constructions
immediate head
graphic character
matched sequence
see caudal
example training
process data
first thing
trainable method
sentence gets
bottom nodes
sequences beginning
np die
combined classifier
values less
initial experimentation
one proposal
bake translation
verbal phrase
crucial problems
combination operation
attractive alternative
1 uses
slot sj
similarity metrics
primary stresses
planning needs
clause polarity
approach finds
code modification
continuous hmms
units found
entity dictionary
particularly verbs
van erk
consecutive syllables
language understander
acquisition technology
provides knowledge
assumed interpretation
form language
enabling technology
exponential rule
question categories
terminals symbols
represent parsing
answer word
lower upper
approaches could
segments related
vague properties
paraphrasing rule
mast et
binary production
asking human
classification accuracies
sufficient coverage
bigram occurs
time information
strategy allows
3500 words
english prosody
word accuracy
hard constraint
prosodic phrasing
rp class
grammar fragment
parameters without
error strings
cannot accommodate
offer potential
lists derived
result without
word tend
phoneme string
sentence without
ga n2
ontological identifiers
represent hypotheses
ltag elementary
elements matched
section compares
careful consideration
human authored
another consequence
context represented
computational implementation
verb introduce
swedish board
seconds per
type described
interaction could
non voyelld
correction vector
one salient
two constituency
individual terms
equality holds
likelihood scores
full algorithm
tree structure
also reveal
k 2
tile present
finite verb
senseval 3
k statistic
tractable algorithm
unrelated ones
first type
part b
p q
indefinite pronoun
particular grammars
3204 collection
exhibit less
question answers
linguistic clue
another basenp
based confidence
confidential information
guarantee termination
segmentation used
missing reading
positive instance
