1-best recognition
1-best training
10-fold crossvalidation
10-word windowing
100-word summarization
2-phase algorithm
25-fold cross-validation
5-fold cross-validation
8-fold crossvalidation
abbreviation extraction
abbreviation identification
abbreviation resolution
abbreviations recognition
abduction framework
abduction-based system
abductive inference
abductive reasoning
abstract generation
abstract reasoning
abstracting system
abstraction summarization
abstracts reader
accent assignment
accent classification
accent identification
accent prediction
accent recognition
accent restoration
acceptance testing
access control
accessing data
accident modelling
accuracy calculation
accurate comparison
acoustic adaptation
acoustic analyser
acoustic edge-detection
acoustic fast-match
acoustic mapping
acoustic matching
acoustic modeling
acoustic modelling
acoustic normalization
acoustic recognition
acoustic roodcling
acoustic segmentation
acoustic-pbonetic mapping
acoustic-to-lexical mapping
acquisition algorithm
acquisition procedure
acquisition process
acquisition software
acronym acquisition
acronym attachment
acronym extraction
acronym generation
acronym identification
acronym matching
acronym normalization
acronym recognition
action capturing
action matcher
action planning
action representation
activation marker
active annotation
active learner
active learning
activity creation
activity generation
acyclic transducer
ad-hoc retrieval
adaboost classifier
adaptable simulation
adaptive confirmation
adaptive determination
adaptive disambiguation
adaptive leaming
adaptive learning
adaptive modeling
adaptive planning
adaptive sequencing
adaptive strategy
adaptive technique
adaptive training
add-k smoothing
add-lambda smoothing
add-one smoothing
addressee classification
addressee detection
addressee determination
addressee identification
addressee prediction
adjectival subcategorization
adjective classification
adjunct placement
adjunction analysis
adm\/rdm classification
adobe pdf
adverb ordering
advertisement management
advice generation
advisory system
aesthetic formatting
affect-detection module
affective classification
affix analysis
affix redundancy
affix-stripping approach
affixal morphology
agenda processing
agenda-based parsing
agenda-driven control
agent processing
agent-based system
agglomerative clustering
agglomerative method
aggregation framework
aggregation mechanism
aggressive pruning
agreement marking
agreement-based co-training
agreement-based selection
ai planning
ai search
air-traffic control
al method
algebraic characterization
algorithm development
algorithmic analysis
alias prediction
alias recognition
alignment adaptation
alignment algorithm
alignment combination
alignment computation
alignment evaluation
alignment extraction
alignment generalization
alignment learning
alignment method
alignment methodology
alignment modeling
alignment monotonization
alignment process
alignment selection
alignment software
alignment system
alignment technique
alignment-based method
alignment-scoring technique
all-path parsing
alphabet-to-alphabet mapping
alternation detection
altificial intelligence
ambiguity handling
ambiguity labeling
ambiguity management
ambiguity packing
ambiguity reduction
ambiguity representation
ambiguity resolution
ambiguity-preserving translation
ambiguous reasoning
ambiguous transducer
analogical learning
analogical matching
analogical modeling
analogical modelling
analogical translation
analogy-based approach
analysis assignment
analysis disambiguation
analysis engines
analysis method
analysis pitch
analysis technique
analysis tool
analyzer development
anaphor resolution
anaphor resolver
anaphor resolving
anaphora classification
anaphora comprehension
anaphora disambiguation
anaphora generation
anaphora planning
anaphora resolution
anaphora tracking
anaphoral resolution
anaphoric annotation
anaphoric processing
anaphoric referencing
anaphoric resolution
anaphoricity classifier
anaphoricity determination
anaphorie analysis
anchor-text mining
anguage understanding
animacy classification
animacy recognition
animacy\/gender recognition
animation generation
animation generator
animation renderer
annealing algorithm
annealing clustering
annealing optimization
annealing search
annie system
annotation analysis
annotation checking
annotation editor
annotation program
annotation representation
annotation system
annotation tool
annotation viewer
annphora resolution
anomaly detection
anonymous ftp
answer analysis
answer caching
answer collection
answer construction
answer detection
answer extraction
answer finding
answer fusion
answer generation
answer generator
answer interpretation
answer marking
answer mining
answer prediction
answer projection
answer ranking
answer re-ranking
answer reranking
answer resolution
answer retrieval
answer scoring
answer selection
answer typing
answer validation
answer\/question translation
answering functionality
antecedent identification
antecedent recovery
antecedent selection
application building
application-specific inference
applicative programming
applied linguistics
appositive recognition
approximate inference
approximate matching
approximate maximization
approximate parsing
approximate reasoning
approximate search
approximate smoothing
approximate training
approximation algorithm
approximation reranking
apsg parsing
ar algorithm
arabic disambiguation
arabic ir
arabic ocr
arabic processing
arabic retrieval
arabic stemmer
arabic wsd
arabic-english translation
arabic\/english transliteration
arc-eager parsing
argument classification
argument composition
argument detection
argument extraction
argument generation
argument identification
argument matching
argument positioning
argument presentation
argument raising
argument realization
argument recognition
argument understanding
argument-adjunct interpolation
argument-interpretation mechanism
argument-value selection
argumentation mark-up
argumentative analysis
argumentative categorizer
argumentative zoning
argumentatively-justified summarization
armphora resolution
array microphone
array processor
art classification
art extraction
article extraction
article generation
article routing
article selection
artificial intelligence
asp system
aspect combination
aspect marker
aspect marking
aspectual classification
aspectual predication
asr search
asr system
asr technology
asr transcription
asr\/telephony server
assembly language
assembly system
assert parser
assertionlevel proving
assignment algorithm
assignment method
assignment procedure
assistance system
assisted learning
association formation
association procedure
association-based word-aligment
association-based word-alignment
associative retrieval
associative unification
asymmetric alignment
asymmetric clustering
at&t communicator
atis system
atms-style parsing
atn compiler
atn parser
atn parsing
atn recognition
atng-based analysis
atr process
attachment resolution
attentional mechanism
attribute elimination
attribute extraction
attribute identification
attribute indexing
attribute joining
attribute propagation
attribute recording
attribute selection
attribute-value unification
attributed-based classifier
audio browsing
audio comprehension
audio indexing
audio navigator
audio processing
audio recording
audio retrieval
audio\/tactile access
audio\/video search
auditory processing
auditory-type modeling
augmented reality
augmented-context-free generation
augmented-tfs unification
author identification
author recognition
author unmasking
authoring tool
authorship detection
authorship identification
authorship obfuscation
authorship recognition
authorship verification
auto-generating word-pair
auto-tutor system
automata construction
automata induction
automata minimization
automata theory
automata toolkit
automata-based theorem-proving
automated accentuation
automated acquisition
automated analysis
automated deduction
automated documentation
automated evaluation
automated extraction
automated indexing
automated parsing
automated phonemization
automated process
automated processing
automated reasoning
automated scoring
automated search
automated summarization
automated surveillance
automated tagging
automated training
automated tutoring
automatic abstracting
automatic abstraction
automatic adaptation
automatic alignment
automatic annotation
automatic authoring
automatic capitalization
automatic cataloguing
automatic categorization
automatic checking
automatic chunking
automatic classification
automatic construction
automatic disambiguation
automatic discrimination
automatic documentation
automatic evaluation
automatic extraction
automatic generation
automatic hyperlinking
automatic indexing
automatic induction
automatic language-processing
automatic learning
automatic method
automatic morphology
automatic mt
automatic parametertuning
automatic paraphrasing
automatic patternlearning
automatic population
automatic prediction
automatic programming
automatic pronunciation
automatic question-answering
automatic ranking
automatic reading
automatic reasoning
automatic recognition
automatic recognizer
automatic recovery
automatic retrieval
automatic rule-learuing
automatic scoring
automatic segmentation
automatic spelling
automatic summarisation
automatic summarization
automatic supertagging
automatic switching
automatic syllabification
automatic system
automatic tagging
automatic terminology
automatic training
automatic translation
automatic translator
automatic transliteration
automatic understanding
automatic unification
automatic word-clustering
automation system
automaton-based approach
automattc summanzauon
autonaatic translation
av extraction
axie creation
axiom extraction
axiom generation
back propagation
back-off algorithm
back-off estimation
back-off modeling
back-off smoothing
back-off translation
back-propagation algorithm
back-propagation learning
backing-off estimation
backing-off smoothing
backoff approach
backoff bigram
backoff smoothing
backoff technique
backoff translation
backpropagation learning
backtrack parsing
backtracking parsing
backtracking procedure
backtracking-based parsing
backward-crossed composition
bag generation
bag generator
bag-of-features modeling
bag-of-morphemes modeling
bag-of-word representation
bag-of-words approach
bag-of-words kernel
bag-ofwords model
bandpass filter
base-np detection
basenp analysis
basenp chunking
basenp identification
basenp recognition
batch learning
batch processing
batch selection
batch testing
batch training
battlefield visualization
baum-welch algorithm
baum-welch estimation
baum-welch reestimation
baum-welch training
bayes algorithm
bayes classification
bayes classifier
bayes estimation
bayes learner
bayes system
bayesian algorithm
bayesian approach
bayesian classification
bayesian classifier
bayesian clustering
bayesian combination
bayesian discrimination
bayesian ensemble
bayesian learning
bayesian modeling
bayesian network
bayesian smoothing
bead-driven generation
beam decoder
beam pruning
beam search
beam thresholding
beam-search decoder
beam-search parsing
beam-search pruning
behavior analysis
belief modelling
belief propagation
belief propogation
belief reasoning
belief revision
belief updating
best-first alignment
best-first clustering
best-first generation
best-first parsing
best-first search
best-first shift-reduce
best-frrst parsing
best-of-breed paraphrasing
bfgs training
bfp algorithm
bi-directional alignment
bi-directional parsing
biased sampling
bibliographic search
bidding management
bidirectional alignment
bidirectional decoding
bidirectional parsing
bidirectional translation
bigram acquisition
bigram clustering
bigram decoding
bigram estimation
bigram pruning
bigram scoring
bigram tagging
bigram training
bikel parser
bilexical parsing
bilingual adaptation
bilingual alignment
bilingual bootstrapping
bilingual bracketing
bilingual clustering
bilingual concordancer
bilingual disambiguation
bilingual lexicography
bilingual parse
bilingual parser
bilingual parsing
bilingual retrieval
bilingual terminology
bilingual textalignment
binary branching
binary categorization
binary classification
binary classifier
binary classiflcation
binary comparison
binary estimation
binary search
binary segmentation
binary split
binary splitting
binding algorithm
binning method
binomial test
bio coding
biography classification
biography collection
biography generation
biologically-inspired learning
bipartite clustering
bipartite matching
bit coding
bit-parallel computation
bitag tagger
bitext alignment
bitext locating
bitext mapping
black-box evaluation
black-box smoothing
black-box testing
blackboard architecture
blackboard-based parsing
bleu method
blind deconvolution
blind deeonvolution
blind evaluation
blind testing
block alignment
block analysis
block decoding
block learning
block reordering
block translation
block-based parsing
blog classification
bm algorithm
bmm checking
bmwe extraction
bonferroni correction
book indexing
book keeping
boolean combination
boolean filter
boolean retrieval
boostexter classifier
boosting algorithm
bootstrap estimation
bootstrap resampling
bootstrap sampling
bootstrapping algorithm
bootstrapping approach
bootstrapping classification
bootstrapping method
bootstrapping procedure
bootstrapping process
bootstrapping technique
bottom-up algorithm
bottom-up analysis
bottom-up chart-parsing
bottom-up clustering
bottom-up design
bottom-up documentstructuring
bottom-up extraction
bottom-up filtering
bottom-up generation
bottom-up merging
bottom-up parallel
bottom-up parse
bottom-up parser
bottom-up parsing
bottom-up processing
bottom-up realisation
bottom-up recognition
bottom-up translation
bound estimation
boundary classification
boundary detection
boundary determination
boundary disambiguation
boundary identification
boundary identifier
boundary insertion
boundary labeling
boundary placement
boundary prediction
boundary recognition
boundary representation
boundary segmentation
bounded search
boyer-moore algorithm
boyer-moore search
bp chunking
bp detection
bp identification
bracket alignment
bracket combination
bracket predictor
branch algorithm
breadth-first parsing
breadth-first search
break detection
break insertion
break placement
break prediction
breath detection
brill tagger
broad-coverage parser
broad-coverage parsing
broad-coverage translation
broadcast transcription
browser interface
bu-lc parser
buchart parser
building discourse
bunsetsu identification
bunsetsu identificatkm
bunsetsu identitication
c-box approach
c-free automata
c-free transducer
c-k-y recognition
c-value method
c\/nc-value method
cache management
calculation mechanism
calendar management
call classification
call optimization
call routing
caller id
caller identification
cancer classification
candc tagger
candidate classification
candidate elimination
candidate evaluation
candidate extraction
candidate filtering
candidate generation
candidate ranking
candidate recognition
candidate scoring
candidate selection
candidate-wise classification
canonical reduction
capitalization restoration
caption alignment
carmel-tools interpretation
cas evaluation
cascaded chucking
cascaded chunking
cascaded classifier
cascaded disambiguation
cascaded training
cascaded transducer
case analysis
case analyzer
case assignment
case disambiguation
case identification
case linking
case marking
case restoration
case retrieval
case selection
case splitting
case-analysis module
case-baaed learning
case-based classification
case-based learning
case-based reasoning
case-slot gapping
caseframe parsing
caseframe-based parsing
cass parser
cat algorithm
categorial treatment
categorization learning
categorization technique
category acquisition
category assignment
category disambiguation
category discovery
category identification
category matching
category merging
category pruning
category selection
category tagging
category unification
category-based grouping
category-driven processing
causal reasoning
causative-inchoative alternation
ccg generation
ccg parser
ccg parsing
ccg realisation
ccg realization
ccg supertagging
cd-rom production
cdcn algorithm
cell conversion
centroid clustering
centroid computation
centroid method
centroid-based classifier
centroid-based summarization
cepstral mapping
cepstral normalization
cepstral-mean normalization
cepstrum normalization
cf parsing
cf search
cfar scoring
cfg compilation
cfg extraction
cfg parsing
cfg recognition
cfl parsing
cfs unification
cg generation
cg-based learner
cg-style disambiguation
cgi preprocessing
chain formation
chain structuring
chains algorithm
channel modeling
channel normalization
chaos parsing
char parsing
character clustering
character coding
character conversion
character encoding
character generation
character indexing
character insertion
character matching
character processing
character recognition
character representation
character tagging
character writing
character-based alignment
character-based chunking
character-based classification
character-based indexing
character-based tagging
character-to-byte substitution
charniak parser
chart construction
chart design
chart generation
chart handling
chart management
chart parser
chart parsing
chart processing
chart re-estimation
chart realisation
chart realization
chart walk
chart-based generation
chart-based parsing
chart-based search
chartparsing framework
chat-style communication
chi-square test
chinese bracketing
chinese morphology
chinese parser
chinese parsing
chinese retrieval
chinese segmentation
chinese tokenization
chinese web
chinese word-segmentation
chinese-english alignment
chinese-english mt
chinese-english translation
chinese-japanese alignment
chinese-to-english translation
chronological ordering
chu-liu\/edmonds optimization
chunk alignment
chunk combination
chunk detection
chunk identification
chunk parser
chunk parsing
chunk tagging
chunker-based preprocessing
chunking parsing
church algorithm
church-gale alignment
circuit repair
circus parser
circus system
citation analysis
citation indexing
citation matching
citation processor
citizen-to-administration interaction
cky algorithm
cky chart-parsing
cky chartparsing
cky generation
cky parsing
cky recognition
cky-like parsing
cky-style parsing
cl ustering
class assignment
class categorisation
class detection
class determination
class disambiguation
class disambiguattion
class discovery
class identifier
class indexing
class labeling
class splitting
class tagging
class-based approximation
class-based estimation
class-based modeling
class-based smoothing
classi cation
classi er
classific ation
classificatio n
classification \
classification algorithm
classification approach
classification correction
classification induction
classification method
classification process
classification system
classification technique
classification techniques
classification trees
classification-based generation
classification-based lenrning
classification-based nlp
classification-based parsing
classification-based representation
classifier algorithm
classifier combination
classifier comparison
classifier construction
classifier ensemble
classifier learning
classifier matching
classifier stacking
classifier system
classifier training
classifier-based generation
classifier-based parser
classifier-based parsing
classifler reflning
classifler-based method
classifter combination
classifying tools
clausal complementation
clause aggregation
clause alignment
clause combination
clause comparison
clause formation
clause identification
clause modification
clause ordering
clause resolution
clause restructuring
clause segmenting
clause splitting
clause-integrated analysis
claws system
claws tagger
client-server communication
clinical e-science
clinical management
clir method
clitic placement
closed-loop learning
closed-world authoring
closest-first clustering
closure algorithm
clue alignment
clump generation
cluster analysis
cluster coordination
cluster identification
cluster matching
cluster recovery
cluster reduction
cluster refinement
cluster selection
cluster validation
cluster-based indexing
cluster-based summarization
clustering algorithm
clustering analysis
clustering method
clustering smoothing
clustering technique
clustering-based smoothing
clusters identiflcation
cm parser
cml optimization
cml treatment
cmu communicator
cmu informedia
cnn segmentation
co parsing
co-occurrence algorithm
co-occurrence analysis
co-occurrence counting
co-occurrence filtering
co-occurrence matching
co-occurrence mining
co-occurrence retrieval
co-occurrence-based classification
co-reference resolution
co-training algorithm
coarse matching
coarse-grained frameset-tagging
coarse-grained sense-tagging
coarse-to-fine analysis
cochlear processing
cocke-kasami-younger parsing
code assignment
code decipherment
code generation
code instrumentation
code optimization
codebook adaptation
coding system
coefficient learning
cognate alignment
cognate identification
cognate indentification
cognate matching
cognitive modeling
coherence analysis
coherence assessment
coherence checking
coherence modeling
coherence resolution
coherence scoring
coindexation recovery
collaborative annotation
collaborative bootstrapping
collaborative negotiation
collaborative planning
collaborative process
collective classification
collins parser
collins-based acquisition
collocation analysis
collocation discovery
collocation extraction
collocation-based filter
collocational analysis
collocational disambiguation
colored unification
column recognition
combination generation
combinatorial optimisation
combinatorial optimization
combinatorial subcategorization
combined classification
combined classifier
combined learning
combined presupposition-ra
combined selection
combined training
comlex-lfg mapping
comlmtational linguistics
comma restoration
commentary system
commentary understanding
committee-based sampling
committee-based selection
common-sense reasoning
commonsense reasoning
communication device
communication framework
communication management
communication strategy
communications satellite
communications system
communicator system
community building
companion parsing
comparable bootstrapping
comparative analysis
comparative evaluation
comparative processing
comparative reconstruction
comparative summarization
comparison function
compatibility checking
competency evaluation
competition learning
competitive activation
competitive grouping
competitive learning
compiler construction
compiler technology
compiler writing
complementary correction
complementary evaluation
complementary smoothing
complete-link clustering
complex reasoning
complex-termform recognition
complexity analysis
complexity generation
complexity prediction
complexity-theoretic analysis
component integration
component inter-communication
componential analysis
components analysis
compositional alignment
compositional method
compositional parsing
compound analysis
compound bracketing
compound disambiguation
compound extracting
compound extraction
compound interpretation
compound prediction
compound query
compound recognition
compound retrieval
compound splitting
compound translation
compression modelling
compression process
compultational linguistics
computational algorithm
computational biology
computational control
computational dialogue
computational discovery
computational generation
computational inference
computational learning
computational lexicography
computational lexicology
computational linguistics
computational modefing
computational modeling
computational morphology
computational processing
computational search
computational system
computational technology
computational terminology
computatjional linguistics
computer algorithm
computer animation
computer communication
computer conferencing
computer documentation
computer generation
computer hardware
computer processing
computer programming
computer science
computer scoring
computer security
computer simulating
computer speech
computer system
computer technology
computer testing
computer training
computer vision
computer-assisted evaluation
computer-assisted instruction
computer-assisted translation
computer-based retrieval
computer-human interaction
computer-mediated communication
computer-mediated education
computer-sitnulated learning
computerized scoring
computerresponse selection
computing machinery
conative alternation
concatenative morphology
concatenative synthesis
concept abstraction
concept acquisition
concept analysis
concept association
concept classifier
concept clustering
concept conversion
concept counting
concept detection
concept discovery
concept expansion
concept extraction
concept formation
concept generalization
concept identifer
concept identification
concept learning
concept relaxation
concept representation
concept retrieval
concept search
concept selection
concept tagging
concept unification
concept-to-speech generation
concept-to-text generation
concept-value recognition
concepttml sematltics
conceptual analysis
conceptual classification
conceptual clustering
conceptual decoder
conceptual graph
conceptual graphs
conceptual indexing
conceptual processing
concordance tool
concurrent execution
concurrent implementation
concurrent markup
concurrent parsing
concurrent processing
condition testing
conditional estimation
conditional likelihood
conectionist network
confidence annotation
confidence assessment
confidence boosting
confidence calculation
confidence estimation
confidence prediction
confidence scoring
configuration management
confirmation handling
confirmation management
conflict resolution
conflicts resolution
conjunct identification
conjunction processing
conjunction reduction
connected-speech recognizer
connectionist learning
connectionist parser
connectionist parsing
consensus translation
consistency checking
consistency maintenance
consistency modeling
constant multiplier
constituency parsing
constituency-based parsing
constituent alignment
constituent analysis
constituent combination
constituent creation
constituent identification
constituent ordering
constituent parsing
constituent pruning
constituent voting
constrained decoding
constrained optimization
constrained summarization
constrainl propagation
constraint acquisition
constraint checking
constraint compilation
constraint generation
constraint handling
constraint learning
constraint network
constraint parsing
constraint processing
constraint programming
constraint propagation
constraint prvpagation
constraint relaxation
constraint removal
constraint removing
constraint resolution
constraint solver
constraint solving
constraint transformation
constraint-based approach
constraint-based parsing
constraint-based processing
constraint-based retrieval
constraint-based tagging
constraint-grammar system
constraint-satisfaction inference
constraints acquisition
construction determinisation
construction determinization
construction technique
constructivist learning
content analysis
content authoring
content characterization
content determination
content expansion
content identification
content management
content modification
content planning
content projection
content realization
content representation
content selection
content structuring
content understanding
content-based evaluation
content-based indexing
content-based scoring
content-based search
content-based segmentation
content-model-based learning
content-model-based summarization
content-oriented categorization
contents-oriented retrieval
context articulation
context assignment
context clustering
context conditioning
context construction
context extraction
context generalization
context management
context matching
context modeling
context modelling
context modification
context priming
context processing
context reduction
context resolution
context sharing
context subsumption
context tracking
context understanding
context unification
context updating
context-based parser
context-based scoring
context-based translation
context-dependent interpolation
context-dependent method
context-dependent modeling
context-dependent summarization
context-driven disambiguafion
context-free chart-parsing
context-free classification
context-free generation
context-free paining
context-free parser
context-free parsing
context-free recognition
context-free rewriting
context-group discrimination
context-independent verification
context-sensitive inference
context-sensitive modeling
context-sensitive parsing
context-sensitive spelling
contextual analysis
contextual elimination
contextual ltering
contextual representation
contextual search
contextual spelling
continuous recognition
continuous understanding
continuous-speech recognition
continuousspeech recognition
contour computation
contradiction detection
contrastive estimation
controlled experimentation
controlled language
controlled parsing
controlled recognition
conventional adaptation
conventional lookup
conversation analysis
conversation management
conversation system
conversation translation
conversation-focus detection
conversational analysis
conversational robot
conversational system
conversion procedure
conversion technology
convex optimization
convolution kernels
cooccurrence smooihing
cooccurrence smoothing
cooccurrence-based method
cooper storage
cooperative answering
corba interoperability
corefence annotation
coreference annotation
coreference classifier
coreference clustering
coreference clusterization
coreference predictor
coreference recognition
coreference resolution
coreference scoring
coreference solver
coreference system
corpora collection
corpora extractor
corpora generation
corpora training
corpora translation
corpos analysis
corpus alignment
corpus analysis
corpus annotation
corpus bootstrapping
corpus building
corpus collection
corpus comparison
corpus construction
corpus correction
corpus creation
corpus development
corpus extraction
corpus harvesting
corpus linguistics
corpus marking
corpus matching
corpus modelling
corpus preparation
corpus processing
corpus querying
corpus refinement
corpus segmentation
corpus selection
corpus tagging
corpus translation
corpus validation
corpus windowing
corpus-based acquisition
corpus-based adaptation
corpus-based approach
corpus-based classification
corpus-based data-mining
corpus-based decision
corpus-based disambiguation
corpus-based estimation
corpus-based evaluation
corpus-based induction
corpus-based induetion
corpus-based learning
corpus-based parsing
corpus-based question-answering
corpus-based terminology
corpus-based training
corpus-based translation
corpus-based tuning
corpus-based validation
corpus-driven processing
corpus-level extraction
correction method
correction recovery
corrective modeling
corrective training
correlation analysis
correlation clustering
correlational clustering
correspondence estimation
correspondence extraction
correspondence-based approach
correspondence-based translation
correspondence-guided parsing
corresponding perceptron
corresponding training
cortmo telecommumcauon
cost assignment
cost estimation
cost partitioning
cost-based abduction
cost-based evaluation
cosubordination-based disambiguation
countability learning
countability prediction
coupled parsing
cover search
cp finding
cp generation
cr classification
crf decoding
crf estimation
crf inference
crf training
cross referencing
cross validation
cross-corpora tagging
cross-database retrieval
cross-entropy minimization
cross-field bootstrapping
cross-language disambiguation
cross-language ir
cross-language processing
cross-language projection
cross-language question-answering
cross-language retrieval
cross-language transfer
cross-language understanding
cross-lingual fertilization
cross-lingual identification
cross-lingual retrieval
cross-lingual validation
cross-partition clustering
cross-sentence merging
cross-speaker recognition
cross-validation evaluation
cross-validation method
cross-validation methodology
cross-validation procedure
cross-validation testing
crosslingual bootstrapping
crosslinguistic parsing
cscl parser
cubic kernel
cubic parsing
cue identification
cumputatioual morphology
customization tool
customized summarization
cutoff method
cutoff pruning
cxalnple-based disambiguation
cyclic automaton
cyk algorithm
cyk parsing
czech-english translation
d-edge removal
da classification
da discrimination
da modeling
da recognition
dag search
dag unification
damerau-levenshtein distance
darpa communicator
dat recorder
data access
data acquisition
data analysis
data annotation
data augmentation
data base
data capture
data classification
data coding
data collection
data communication
data compression
data construction
data conversion
data detection
data development
data encryption
data estimation
data exchange
data extraction
data fusion
data generation
data handling
data integration
data interchange
data management
data mining
data modification
data preparation
data processing
data production
data recorder
data recovery
data reduction
data representation
data retrieval
data reuse
data selection
data sharing
data storage
data summarisation
data systems
data translation
data validation
data visualization
data-driven approach
data-driven learning
data-driven parsing
data-driven production
data-driven reasoning
data-driven search
data-driven tagging
data-oriented generalisation
data-oriented learning
data-oriented method
data-oriented parsing
data-oriented processing
database access
database algorithm
database browsing
database collection
database construction
database curation
database engineering
database generation
database indexing
database interface
database lookup
database management
database organization
database processing
database querying
database retrieval
database search
database system
dataset creation
date detection
dative restructuring
davidsonian analysis
dcg compilation
dcg induction
ddd algorithm
debris parsing
decidable calculus
decimal classification
decision making
decision tree
decision trees
decision-based learning
decision-tree generation
decision-tree growing
decision-tree induction
decision-tree learner
decision-tree learning
decision-tree method
decision-tree pruning
decision-tree tagging
declaration reasoning
declarative approach
declarative\/imperative parsing
decoder algorithm
decoding procedure
decomposition kernel
decomposition method
decomposition program
deduction approach
deduction method
deduction system
deductive inference
deductive parsing
deductive reasoning
deductive restructuring
deep analysis
deep generation
deep parser
deep parsing
deep understanding
defeasible reasoning
defensible deduction
defensible reasoning
deficient estimation
defining vocabulary
definite determination
definiteness assignment
definition analysis
definition generation
definition matching
definition-question-answering system
delaunay refinement
deleted-estimation interpolation
deletedestimation interpolation
delta function
demographic analysis
density estimation
density measure
dependency analysis
dependency analyzer
dependency determination
dependency kernel
dependency learning
dependency parser
dependency parsing
dependency recognition
dependency reconstruction
dependency recovery
dependency reparsing
dependency transducing
dependency transduction
dependency translation
dependency-based parsing
dependency-based translation
dependency-lengthlimited parsing
depth-first backtracking
depth-first parser
depth-first parsing
depth-first search
derivational affixation
derivational analysis
description extraction
description generation
description refinement
description unification
descriptor selection
destructive unification
detection algorithm
detection framework
detection method
deterministic computation
deterministic parser
deterministic parsing
deterministic processing
deterministic search
deterministic tree-building
development environment
df search
dfa minimization
dg implementation
dg paraphrasing
dg-based evaluation
diacritic restoration
diagnostic procedure
diagnostic system
diagram design
diagram summarization
dialect identification
dialog control
dialog management
dialog manager
dialog modeling
dialog processing
dialog system
dialog systems
dialog translation
dialog understanding
dialog-act recognition
dialogic communication
dialogue analysis
dialogue clarification
dialogue construction
dialogue control
dialogue development
dialogue evaluation
dialogue generation
dialogue interpretation
dialogue management
dialogue manager
dialogue modeling
dialogue modelling
dialogue planning
dialogue processing
dialogue produclion
dialogue recognition
dialogue service
dialogue simulation
dialogue summarization
dialogue system
dialogue systems
dialogue tagging
dialogue translation
dialogue tutoring
dialogue understanding
dialogue-based system
dialogue-specific deliberation
dictionar extraction
dictionary access
dictionary analysis
dictionary automata
dictionary broadcasting
dictionary building
dictionary classification
dictionary compilation
dictionary construction
dictionary consultation
dictionary consulting
dictionary conversion
dictionary creation
dictionary disambiguation
dictionary expansion
dictionary extraction
dictionary generation
dictionary induction
dictionary learning
dictionary look-up
dictionary lookup
dictionary maintenance
dictionary matching
dictionary modification
dictionary production
dictionary querying
dictionary search
dictionary-based method
dictionary-based understanding
dictionary-based word-segmentation
dictionary\/ontology alignment
difference method
difference-list threading
differential weighting
digit recognition
digital broadcasting
digital hardware
digital library
digital processing
dimension expansion
dimension reduction
dimensionality reduction
diphone concatenation
diphone synthesis
direct association
direct induction
direct matching
direct modeling
direct optimization
direct parsing
direct production
direct projection
direct recognition
direct transcription
direct translation
directed alignment
directed inferencing
directed search
direction assistance
direction finder
direction finding
directory assistance
dirichlet smoothing
disambiguation algorithm
disambiguation method
disambiguation problem
disambiguation procedure
disambiguation process
disambiguation processing
discounting method
discounting smoothing
discourse analysis
discourse annotation
discourse chunking
discourse coding
discourse combination
discourse comprehension
discourse copying
discourse generation
discourse interpretation
discourse labeler
discourse management
discourse marker
discourse marking
discourse modeling
discourse module
discourse ordering
discourse parser
discourse parsing
discourse planner
discourse planning
discourse popping
discourse processing
discourse processor
discourse production
discourse representation
discourse segmentation
discourse structuring
discourse tagging
discourse understanding
discourse updating
discourse-based summanzatlon
discourse-based summarization
discourse-level inference
discourse-level processing
discourse-level understanding
discourse-marker identification
discourse-marker-based hypothesizing
discourse-tree rewriting
discovery learning
discovery system
discriminant analysis
discriminate analysis
discrimination procedure
discrimination-based learning
discriminative alignment
discriminative approach
discriminative classification
discriminative classifier
discriminative clustering
discriminative disambiguation
discriminative estimation
discriminative framework
discriminative hmms
discriminative learning
discriminative modeling
discriminative parsing
discriminative pruning
discriminative re-ranking
discriminative reranking
discriminative training
discussion summarization
disfluency detection
disfluency modeling
disjunction elimination
disjunctive unification
distance calculation
distance clustering
distance extraction
distance function
distance learning
distance measurement
distance parsing
distance search
distance-weighted averaging
distortion-based decoder
distributed agent
distributed calculation
distributed computation
distributed processing
distributed simulation
distribution clustering
distribution matching
distribution modeling
distribution modelling
distribution-based clustering
distribution-based pruning
distributional analyser
distributional analysis
distributional classification
distributional clustering
distributional learning
distributional segmentation
distributive interpretation
distributive reading
divide-and-conquer approach
dl learning
dl-em algorithm
dm identification
dn detection
document abstracting
document alignment
document analysis
document annotation
document assignment
document authoring
document browsing
document categorization
document classification
document clustering
document comparison
document construction
document creation
document dating
document detection
document editing
document expansion
document filtering
document fusion
document generation
document gisting
document identification
document indexing
document interpretation
document management
document manager
document matching
document modeling
document normalization
document pre-processing
document preprocessing
document presentation
document processing
document processor
document production
document ranking
document rceognition
document re-ranking
document recognition
document representation
document reranking
document retrieval
document routing
document search
document selection
document sharing
document smoothing
document structuring
document sulnmarization
document summansatlon
document summarisation
document summarisation\/presentation
document summarization
document translation
document understanding
document viewing
document weighting
document-centric approach
document-level classification
document\/cluster representation
document\/document comparison
documentary database
documentation generator
documentation production
dom transliteration
domain detection
domain disambiguation
domain identification
domain kernels
domain modeling
domain modelling
domain reasoning
domain recognition
domain recognizer
domain scoring
domain selection
domain-independent analysis
domain-independent generation
domain-independent parsing
domain-independent segmentation
domain-independent summarization
domain-oriented tlisamblguation
domain-specific extraction
domain-specific inference
domain-specific summarization
dop estimation
downstream processing
dp algorithm
dp alignment
dp matching
dp search
dp-based decoding
dp-based optimization
dp-based search
dpocl planning
drs construction
drs resolution
ds translation
ds tree
dss unification
dt construction
dt training
dtg parsing
dtg recognition
dtw classification
dual perceptron
dual scaling
duration learning
duration prediction
dymunic programufillg
dynamic decoding
dynamic generation
dynamic modeling
dynamic optimization
dynamic programing
dynamic programming
dynamic programnting
dynamic programrrdng
dynamic programruing
dynamic splitting
dynamic-programming parser
dynamic-programming parsing
dynamic-programming search
dynmnic programming
e-k alignment
e-k conversion
e-mail system
eager learning
eager unification
eam search
earley algorithm
earley deduction
earley parser
earley parsing
earley-style parser
earley-style parsing
earleylike parser
early-type parser
easy parsing
ebl learning
ebmt software
ebmt system
eca tagger
echo-cancellation procedure
edge counting
edge deletion
edge matching
edit identification
edit-distance calculation
edit-distance technique
edit-distance-based retrieval
editing processing
editorial assistance
edp algorithm
educational technology
ee detection
efficient parsing
eft-to-right parsing
eigen decomposition
eigenstructure computation
eisner algorithm
elastic matching
electronic dictionary
electronic surveillance
electronic transfer
electronic translation
element bracketing
element selection
eliminative parsing
ellipsis handling
ellipsis interpretation
ellipsis processing
ellipsis reconstruction
ellipsis resolution
ellipsis restoration
elman network
elr parsing
em algorithm
em bootstrapping
em learning
em method
em training
em-based clustering
em-based smoothing
email summariser
email summarization
email-specific summarisation
embedded programming
emotion modeling
emotion prediction
emotion recognition
empiricist induction
emptycategory insertion
encrypt ion
encyclopedia generation
end-of-sentence detection
engineering\/configuration management
english analysis
english cd-sr-parser
english cs-case-parser
english disambiguation
english ner
english parser
english parsing
english phrasing
english retrieval
english subcategorization
english suffixation
english wsd
english-chinese translation
english-chinese transliteration
english-japanese translation
english-japanese transliteration
english-like tokenization
english-portuguese translation
english-to-asl mt
english-to-chinese translation
english-to-chinese transliteration
english-to-english translation
english-to-japanese translation
english-to-korean transliteration
english\/japanese transliteration
englith-to-japanese translation
enhancement algorithm
enquiry processing
ensemble combination
ensemble learning
ensemble selection
entailment acquisition
entailment computation
entailment detection
entailment determination
entailment identification
entailment modeling
entailment recognition
entity assemblance
entity classification
entity clustering
entity detection
entity disambiguation
entity extraction
entity extractor
entity identification
entity identifier
entity indexing
entity merging
entity normalization
entity processing
entity recognition
entity recognizer
entity recognizers
entity scoring
entity tagger
entity tagging
entity translation
entity transliteration
entity-level optimization
entity-oriented parser
entity-oriented parsing
entity\/relation recognition
entityspecific morphology
entropic chunking
entropy calculation
entropy classification
entropy classifier
entropy estimation
entropy learning
entropy maximization
entropy modelling
entropy regularization
entropy training
entropy-based algorithm
entropy-based learning
entropy-minimization approach
entry comparison
entry selection
entry tagger
enumeration algorithm
environment adaptation
environment classifier
environment linking
environment normalization
environment protection
environmental compensation
environmental normalization
episodic logic
episodic retrieval
equation solving
equipment modelling
equivalence determination
equivalence testing
equivalent-word match
error analysis
error chaining
error checking
error classification
error correcting
error correction
error detection
error diagnosis
error estimation
error handling
error identification
error localization
error minimization
error mining
error processing
error recovery
error reduction
error repairing
error-detection process
error-driven algorithm
error-driven approach
error-driven learning
error-driven pruning
error-driven training
error-pruning method
error-reduction learning
error-tolerant recognition
errordetection technique
errorreduction learning
essay analysis
essay assessment
essay assessor
essay evaluation
essay explanation
essay grading
essay paraphrasing
essay rater
essay scoring
estimation algorithm
estimation method
estimation procedure
estimation process
estimation-maximization algorithm
estimation-maximization training
euphony process
evaluation algorithm
evaluation framework
evaluation procedure
evaluation process
evaluation system
evaluation toolkit
evaluation tools
event analysis
event categorization
event classification
event clustering
event detection
event extraction
event focusing
event generation
event identification
event recognition
event simulation
event spotting
event tracking
event-based summarization
evidence combination
evidence combiner
evidence combining
evidential reasoning
evolutionary computation
exact inference
exact matching
exact parsing
example extraction
example retrieval
example selection
example-based approach
example-based classification
example-based correction
example-based decoding
example-based learning
example-based mt
example-based reasoning
example-based rescoring
example-based retrieval
example-based sense-tagging
example-based tagging
example-based translation
example-driven search
exception-based learning
exemplar-based classifier
exemplar-based learning
exercise generation
exhaustive classification
exhaustive coindexation
exhaustive parsing
exhaustive search
expectation maximisation
expectation maximization
expectation propagation
expectation-maximization algorithm
expectation-maximization approach
expectation-maximization-based induction
expectationmaximization algorithm
expert system
explanation generation
explanation generators
explanation-based learning
expression approach
expression evoking
expression extraction
expression extractor
expression generation
expression processing
expression recognition
expression searching
expressions generation
extendable retriever
extraction algorithm
extraction analysis
extraction application
extraction method
extraction methodology
extraction procedure
extraction program
extraction summarization
extraction system
extraction systems
extraction technique
extraction technology
extraction tool
extraction-based summarization
extraction-based system
extractive method
extractive summarisation
extractive summarization
extrinsic evaluation
eye tracking
f matching
f-description solution
f-measure training
f-structure annotation
f-structure mapping
face recognition
facsimile machine
fact extraction
fact retrieval
factoid analysis
factoid identiflcation
factor analysis
factor equation
factored extraction
factored modeling
factored pruning
factorial analysis
factorial hmm
fail-soft analysis
fast mapping
fast match
fast matching
fast parser
fast parsing
fast reading
fast search
fast tree-trellis
fast-search recognition
fdf hardware
fe identification
feature adding
feature aggregation
feature analysis
feature augmentation
feature bagging
feature clustering
feature collecting
feature collection
feature combination
feature comparison
feature construction
feature derivation
feature detector
feature determination
feature discovery
feature discretisation
feature elimination
feature encoding
feature engineering
feature expansion
feature extraction
feature extracton
feature filtering
feature generation
feature identification
feature induction
feature instantiation
feature mapping
feature matching
feature measurement
feature merging
feature mining
feature modification
feature normalization
feature percolation
feature preprocessing
feature projection
feature ranking
feature representation
feature selection
feature split
feature tagging
feature translation
feature truncation
feature unification
feature weighting
feature-based parsing
feature-based test
feature-graph unification
feature-rich decision-tree
features combination
features extraction
features selection
features-based learning
feedback cleaning
feedback engine
feedback interface
feedback learning
feedback selection
feedback-directed optimization
fiat matching
fidditch parser
field extraction
fifa algorithm
file accessing
file handling
file management
file parsing
file searching
file transfer
file upload
filter optimization
filter transducer
filtered cross-correlation
final state
fine-grained disambiguation
fine-grained pruning
fine-grained scoring
fine-grained sense-tagging
fine-tuning parsing
finitc-state analysis
finite automata
finite complementizer
finite state
finite transducer
finite-state acceptor
finite-state approximation
finite-state automata
finite-state automaton
finite-state calculus
finite-state cascade
finite-state dialogue
finite-state framework
finite-state machine
finite-state machinery
finite-state mechanism
finite-state modeling
finite-state morphology
finite-state parser
finite-state parsing
finite-state pattern-matching
finite-state recognition
finite-state relaxation
finite-state tagging
finite-state technology
finite-state transducer
finite-state transducers
finite-state transduction
finite-state translation
first-order reasoning
first-pass matching
fisher kernel
fitness-based selection
fitted parse
fitted parsing
fitting procedure
five-fold validation
fixed parsing
fixed smoothing
fixed-sentence translation
flash memory
flat classification
flat-based classification
flat-depth grouping
flat-probability grouping
flat-size grouping
flexional morphology
fluent generation
fluent phrasing
fnp segmentation
focus assignment
focus detection
focus determination
focus marking
focus tracking
focus\/background determination
foot formation
forest classifier
forest construction
forest creation
forest unpacking
form-based induction
form-based resolution
formal reasoning
forward beam-search
forward chaining
forward match
forward pass
forward search
forward selection
forward transformation
forward transliteration
forward-backward algorithm
forward-backward search
forward-backward training
forward-chaining reasoning
forward-looking function
forward-pass search
forwardbackward search
fragment analysis
fragment combination
fragment combining
fragment detection
fragment extraction
fragment finding
fragment identification
fragment interpreter
fragment processing
fragmentary parsing
fragmentation method
frame acquisition
frame actualization
frame alignment
frame analysis
frame assignment
frame combiner
frame construction
frame detection
frame determination
frame determiner
frame disambiguation
frame evaluation
frame identification
frame instantiation
frame learning
frame matching
frame parsing
frame recognition
frame scoping
frame-semantic approach
framenet classification
framenet training
frameset tagging
french parser
french-german translation
french-to-english translation
frequencies method
frequency analysis
frequency calculation
frequency counting
frequency determination
frequency estimation
frequency estimator
frequency method
frequency profiling
frequency redistribution
frequency smoothing
frequency weighting
frequency-based sampling
frequency-based weighting
front-end design
frustration detection
fs matching
fsa-based system
fsm construction
fsm technology
fsm toolkit
fst parsing
ftp server
full indexing
full parsing
full regression
full-sentence parsing
full-text expansion
full-text indexing
full-text retrieval
full-text search
fulltext chunker
fully-automated evaluation
function labeling
function optimisation
function optimization
function parsing
function tagging
functional aggregation
functional composition
functional evaluation
functional programming
functional-semantic analysis
fusion algorithm
fusion classification
fusion operation
fuzzy clustering
fuzzy inference
fuzzy matching
fuzzy maxent
fuzzy set
fuzzy syllogism
fuzzy unification
g2p conversion
ga-like transfer
game detection
gap threading
garbage collection
garbage collector
gate framework
gate system
gaussian computation
gaussian initialization
gaussian smoothing
gazetteer lookup
gazetteer2 construction
gb parsing
gb-based parsing
gclm estimation
gelfand-ravishankar-delp expansion-pruning
gemini parser
gender classification
gender determination
gender discrimination
gender identification
gender main-streaming
gene normalization
gene tagger
general-purpose chunking
general-purpose reasoning
general-to-specific learning
generalizable customization
generation algorithm
generation framework
generation function
generation method
generation-analysis algorithm
generation-based optimization
generative diagram-design
generative modeling
generative modelling
generative programming
generative reasoning
genetic algorithm
genetic algorithms
genetic engineering
genetic programming
genetic progranmfing
genonic hmm
genonlc hmm
genonlc ttmm
genre analysis
genre classification
genre detection
genre identification
geo-spatial resolution
geographical reasoning
geometric interpolation
german generation
german morphology
german parser
german-english word-alignment
german-to-english transfer
german-to-english translation
gestural interpretation
gesture recognition
gesture tracking
gesture-speech alignment
giati monotonization
giati technique
gibbs sampler
gibbs sampling
gidlp parsing
gisting evaluation
glass box
glass-box evaluation
glass-box smoothing
glass-box testing
glc parsing
global optimization
global selection
global timing
global visualization
global-statistics-based disambiguation
glos annotation
glossary construction
glossary extraction
glossary identification
glossary-based translation
glr parsing
glsa algorithm
goal expansion
goal freezing
goal identification
goal recognition
goal skipping
goal-driven processing
good-turing method
good-turing smoothing
goodness-of-fit test
google api
governor algorithm
gpa training
gpl compiler
gpsg parsing
gpsg-based generation
gr assignment
gr calculation
gr extraction
gr parsing
gradient optimization
gradient reranking
gradient-based method
gradient-based optimization
gradual approximation
gramlnar learning
grammahcal processing
grammar acquisition
grammar adaptation
grammar analysis
grammar approximation
grammar calculus
grammar checker
grammar checking
grammar compaction
grammar compilation
grammar compiler
grammar compression
grammar debugging
grammar derivation
grammar development
grammar editing
grammar engineering
grammar evaluation
grammar execution
grammar extraction
grammar factorization
grammar generation
grammar inducing
grammar induction
grammar inference
grammar interpretation
grammar interpreter
grammar inversion
grammar leaning
grammar learning
grammar maintenance
grammar modification
grammar normalization
grammar optimization
grammar parser
grammar processing
grammar projection
grammar re-estimation
grammar recognition
grammar reduction
grammar relaxation
grammar specialisation
grammar specialization
grammar teaching
grammar testing
grammar training
grammar transduction
grammar transformation
grammar translation
grammar traversal
grammar tutoring
grammar unification
grammar writer
grammar-based analysis
grammar-based bracketing
grammar-based generation
grammar-based parsing
grammar-based recognition
grammar-specific documentation
grammar\/lf development
grammatical analysis
grammatical classification
grammatical coding
grammatical deduction
grammatical encoding
grammatical inference
grammatical marker
grammatical processing
grammatical tagger
gramnlars parsing
grannnar learning
graph algorithm
graph alignment
graph clustering
graph compression
graph construction
graph cutting
graph embedding
graph generalization
graph generation
graph manipulation
graph matching
graph partitioning
graph pruning
graph reduction
graph representation
graph rescoring
graph rewriting
graph search
graph simplification
graph spanning
graph summarization
graph toolkit
graph transducer
graph transformation
graph traversal
graph unification
graph unillcation
graph-based centrality
graph-based clustering
graph-based generation
graph-based inference
graph-based method
graph-based optimization
graph-based partitioning
graph-based ranking
grapheme-based syllabification
grapheme-phoneme conversion
grapheme-to-phoneme conversion
grapheme-to-phoneme trmascription
graphemic parsing
graphic editor
graphic summarization
graphical access
graphical annotation
graphical encoding
graphical interaction
graphical interface
graphical model
graphical modeling
gratnmar processing
gre algorithm
greedb search
greedy agreement
greedy algorithm
greedy approach
greedy approximation
greedy clustering
greedy completion
greedy construction
greedy decoding
greedy heuristic
greedy learning
greedy mapping
greedy merger
greedy optimization
greedy parsing
greedy pruning
greedy search
greedy segmentation
greedy segmenter
greedy selection
greedy training
grid computation
grid representation
group discrimination
group identification
group recognition
group-average clustering
groupaverage clustering
grouped voting
grouping process
gtadual approximation
gtamtnar processing
guage generation
guessing-rule induction
gui builder
guided assembly
guided marker-passing
guided search
guided-search alignment
hand tuning
hand-coded direct-transfer
hands-on training
handwriting recognition
hangeul-hanja conversion
hansards translation
hard clustering
hard matching
hardware verification
harmonic sieve
hash coding
hbm training
head clustering
head detection
head determination
head finding
head matching
head pruning
head selection
head sorting
head transducer
head wrapping
head-and-tail matching
head-automaton parsing
head-chart parser
head-corner parser
head-corner parsing
head-driven bottom-up
head-driven derivation
head-driven generation
head-driven parsing
head-operator detection
headcorner parsing
headed clustering
headless clustering
headline generator
headline summarization
headword prediction
hebbian algorithm
hebrew generation
hebrew processing
hepple-style feature\/modality
herbrand interpretation
heuristic acceleration
heuristic algorithm
heuristic clustering
heuristic combination
heuristic estimation
heuristic interpolation
heuristic interpretation
heuristic matching
heuristic method
heuristic optimization
heuristic programming
heuristic search
heuristic segmentation
heuristic solution
heuristic strategy
heuristic symmetrization
heuristic-based clustering
hfformation mapping
hhe search
hidden markov
hierarchical alignment
hierarchical classifier
hierarchical clustering
hierarchical combination
hierarchical disambiguation
hierarchical interpolation
hierarchical parsing
hierarchical planning
hierarchical segmentation
hierarchical smoothing
hierarchy acquisition
hierarchy construction
hierarchy development
hierarchy generation
hierarchy match
high-compression summarisation
high-performance tagging
high-performance web-mining
higher-order unification
hill climber
hill climbing
histogram comparison
histogram pruning
histogram-based training
historical reconstruction
history analysis
history management
history retention
history-based learning
history-based parsing
hits induction
hmgtutge processing
hmm composition
hmm csr
hmm estimation
hmm induction
hmm method
hmm post-processor
hmm re-estimation
hmm recognition
hmm segmentation
hmm system
hmm tagger
hmm technology
hmm-based algorithm
hmm-based approach
hmm-based combination
hmm-based diacritization
hmm-based recognizer
hobbs referent-ordering
holder detection
holder finding
hological analysis
homograph disambiguation
homograph resolution
homophone disambiguation
horn-clause theorem-prover
hou algorithm
hownet construction
hp-top kernel
hpsg derivation
hpsg generation
hpsg parse
hpsg parser
hpsg parsing
hpsg-tag compiler
htk toolkit
html generation
html parsing
http post
hum tgt
human checking
human conversation
human interference
human language
human-aided clustering
human-computer communication
human-computer dialogue
human-computer interaction
human-computer interface
human-human-system interaction
human-like dialogue
human-like learning
human-machine communication
human-machine dialog
human-machine dialogue
human-machine interaction
human-robot communication
human-robot interaction
human-system interaction
humancomputer interaction
humor recognition
hybrid clustering
hybrid constituency\/dependency
hybrid constituencydependency
hybrid control
hybrid disambiguation
hybrid indexing
hybrid inferencing
hybrid kernel
hybrid logic
hybrid method
hybrid neural-net\/expert-system
hybrid parsing
hybrid representation
hybrid summarization
hybrid translation
hyper-literate programming
hyper-parameter estimation
hypergeometric co-citation
hypergraph parsing
hyperlinking system
hypernym classification
hypernym discovery
hypernym extraction
hypernym filtering
hypertext authoring
hypertext construction
hypertext generation
hypertext navigation
hyponym acquisition
hyponym discovery
hyponym extraction
hyponymy extraction
hypothesis formation
hypothesis generation
hypothesis recombination
hypothesis reordering
hypothesis scoring
hypothesis selection
hypothesis testing
hypothesis translation
hypothesis verification
hypothetical reasoning
ibl classifier
ibm modeling
ibm translation
icophone vi
id3 algorithm
id3 learning
id\/lp parsing
identification method
identification process
identification system
identifier handling
identity check
identity mapping
ideographic text
ideographic translation
idf df
idf matching
idf scoring
idf-based retrieval
idiom detection
idiom processing
idiom recognition
idl-based search
ie method
ie processing
ie system
ied kernel
iexical acquisition
ifametonymy recognition
ifsa segmentation
igtree algorithm
ihc parsing-as-deduction
ihe generation
il-based approach
iloxf unification
ilp-based branch-and-cut
im dialogue
image categorization
image classification
image clustering
image processing
image ranking
image recognition
image segmentation
image understanding
image-based retrieval
image-based summarization
imperfect recognition
implementation technique
implicit selection
in-situ quantification
inachine learning
incomplete inference
incomplete parsing
increlnental translation
incremental acquisition
incremental adaptation
incremental algorithm
incremental annotation
incremental approximation
incremental chart-parsing
incremental compilation
incremental construction
incremental copying
incremental disambiguation
incremental generation
incremental generator
incremental inference
incremental interpretation
incremental learning
incremental minimization
incremental optimization
incremental parser
incremental parsing
incremental procedure
incremental process
incremental processing
incremental production
incremental pruning
incremental refinement
incremental relaxation
incremental resolution
incremental sampling
incremental search
incremental translation
incremental understanding
incremental unification
incrementm training
independence metropolis-hastings
index construction
index detection
index lookup
index parsing
index representation
index-based annotation
index-based parsing
index-based retrieval
index-based training
indexation algorithm
indexation system
indexing approach
indexing engine
indexing mechanism
indicator clustering
indices derivation
indirect chaining
indirect evaluation
induction algorithm
induction framework
induction learning
induction process
inductive generalisation
inductive generalization
inductive inference
inductive learner
inductive learning
inductive reasoning
inductive-learning decision-tree
infbrmation retrieval
inference algorithm
inference control
inference engine
inference framework
inference generation
inference making
inference mechanism
inference networks
inference process
inference system
inference technique
inference-based parsing
inferencing mechanism
inferential processing
inferring finite-state
inflection identification
inflectional process
infomaation extraction
infomap ontology
infoprmation distribution
informant presentation
information access
information annotation
information browsing
information clustering
information control
information conversion
information detection
information discovery
information dissemination
information exchange
information extraction
information extractionsystem
information filtering
information fusion
information gathering
information integration
information linking
information management
information manipulation
information mapping
information merging
information mining
information modeling
information ordering
information pertaining
information possessor
information processing
information projection
information provision
information representation
information research
information retrieval
information retrieval\/extraction
information scoring
information search
information searching
information security
information seeking
information selection
information sharing
information storage
information summarisation
information synthesis
information system
information systems
information technology
information visualiser
information visualization
information-based modeling
information-based translation
information-theoretic clustering
inforrnation retrieval
inforrnatlon storage
infurmation retrieval
inheritance mechanism
inner product
input analysis
input normalization
input understanding
inquery system
inside-outside algorithm
inside-outside estimation
inside-outside parsing
inside-outside re-estimation
inside-outside reestimation
inside-outside training
instance bootstrapping
instance extraction
instance generation
instance pruning
instance selection
instance-based approach
instance-based classification
instance-based learning
instant messaging
instant messenger
instruction generation
instructional software
int-n selection
integer programming
intelligent interface
intelligent search
intelligent system
intelligent systems
intelligent testing
intelligent thresholding
intelligent tutoring
intention recognition
intention-based segmentation
inter-categorial paraphrasing
inter-lingual translation
inter-process communication
inter-rater comparison
inter-sentential resolution
interaction design
interaction extraction
interaction management
interaction process
interactive clarification
interactive clarilication
interactive communication
interactive conversion
interactive design
interactive dialogue
interactive disalnbiguation
interactive disambignation
interactive disambiguation
interactive entertainment
interactive help
interactive learning
interactive manipulation
interactive method
interactive paraphrasing
interactive planning
interactive processing
interactive program
interactive query
interactive question-answering
interactive search
interactive summarization
interactive system
interactive television
interactive translation
interclausal reordering
interface algorithm
interface design
interface environment
interface generation
interface generator
interface toolkit
interfacing system
interlanguage modification
interleaved generation
interleaved method
interlingua-based translation
interlingual machine-translation
interlingual translation
internet search
internet technology
interpersonal priming
interpolation algorithm
interpolation estimation
interpolation method
interpolation technique
interpretation algorithm
interpretation disambiguation
interpretation system
interstratal mapping
interval representation
intonation modeling
intonation selection
intonational analysis
intra-clause disambiguation
intra-document analysis
intra-ontological similarity
intra-sentence segmentation
intrasentential resolution
intrinsic evaluation
inultidilnensional parsing
inverse index
inverse search
inversion procedure
inverted indexing
inverted representation
io-tree method
iob annotation
ip detection
ir engine
ir system
island parsing
island processing
island-based parsing
island-driven parsing
isolated-word recognition
isolatedword recognition
isomorphism testing
isotonic regression
issue detection
item detection
iterativc optimization
iterative acquisition
iterative algorithm
iterative alignment
iterative augmentation
iterative boosting
iterative bootstrapping
iterative clustering
iterative correction
iterative design
iterative development
iterative dynamicprogramming
iterative enhancement
iterative estimation
iterative expectation-maximisation
iterative expectation-maximization
iterative extraction
iterative hillclimbing
iterative learning
iterative maximization
iterative method
iterative parsing
iterative procedure
iterative process
iterative prototyping
iterative pruning
iterative reading
iterative reestimation
iterative refinement
iterative relaxation
iterative scaling
iterative search
iterative segmentation\/estimation
iterative training
itg alignment
itg biparsing
itg decoding
itg parse
itg parser
itg parsing
j-e translation
jaccard coefficient
japanese analysis
japanese analyzer
japanese mt
japanese parsing
japanese processing
japanese retrieval
japanese romanization
japanese segmentation
japanese spelling
japanese summarization
japanese-english translation
japanese-english transliteration
japanese-japanese ir
japanese-to-english translation
japmlese construction
java library
java servlet
jelinek-mercer smoothing
joint decoding
joint parsing
joint training
jsing cross-validation
jtag selection
judgement elicitation
judgement prediction
junction selection
k ranging
k-best parsing
k-bfs search
k-class classification
k-fold cross-validation
k-mean clustering
k-means clustering
k-means training
k-medoid partitioning
k-medoids method
k-nearest neighbor
k-nearest-neighbor classification
k-nn classification
k-nn estimation
k-nn method
kakari-uke analysis
kalman predictor
kana-kanji conversion
kana-kanji converter
kana-kanji translation
kana-to-kanji conversion
kana-to-kanji translation
kas search
katakana transliteration
kernel calculation
kernel computation
kernel estimation
kernel pca
kernel-based learning
key-to-key scoring
key-word search
keyhole recognition
keyphrase extraction
keyphrase finding
keypoint detection
keyword analysis
keyword association
keyword enumeration
keyword expansion
keyword extracting
keyword extraction
keyword identification
keyword indexing
keyword insertion
keyword labeling
keyword matching
keyword retrieval
keyword search
keyword selection
keyword spotting
keyword translation
keyword weighting
keyword-based clustering
keyword-based search
keyword-spotting \
keywords indexing
keywords selection
kfold cross-validation
knearest neighbor
kneser-ney smoothing
knn classification
knowledge acqtfisition
knowledge acquisition
knowledge analysis
knowledge bases
knowledge building
knowledge classification
knowledge creation
knowledge customization
knowledge discovery
knowledge editing
knowledge elicitation
knowledge engineering
knowledge extraction
knowledge induction
knowledge management
knowledge manager
knowledge mining
knowledge organization
knowledge processing
knowledge refinement
knowledge representation
knowledge retrieval
knowledge search
knowledge sharing
knowledge storage
knowledge structuring
knowledge summarization
knowledge transfer
knowledge transportation
knowledge-base access
knowledge-based algorithm
knowledge-based categorization
knowledge-based generation
knowledge-based parsing
knowledge-based processing
knowledge-based programming
knowledge-based reasoning
knowledge-based system
knowledge-intensive approach
knowledge-rich abstraction
knowledgefree combining
knowledke representation
korean analysis
korean generation
korean parser
korean parsing
korean tagging
kos framework
kpca training
ksi prolog
kuhn-munkres algorithm
kullback-liebler divergence
l-bfgs optimisation
l-bfgs optimization
la generation
label matching
label propagation
labor-intensive system
lagrange multiplier
lambda abstraction
lambda conversion
lambda structures
lambda training
lambek calculus
lambek parsing
lambek proof
lan access
landmark selection
lanfuaoe understandinf
langauge processing
langnage processing
langnage understanding
langtmge processing
languagc undcrstanding
language acquisition
language analyser
language analysis
language analyzer
language ansaysis
language classification
language comprehension
language computation
language correction
language decoder
language detection
language determination
language development
language disambiguation
language engineering
language evolution
language genenttion
language generanon
language generation
language generator
language grounding
language identification
language indexing
language induction
language interfaces
language interpretation
language labeling
language learning
language localisation
language manipulation
language matching
language mlderstanding
language modeling
language modelling
language morphology
language normalization
language parser
language parser\/generator
language parsing
language pedagogy
language proccssing
language processing
language processing\/understanding
language processiug
language processor
language processsing
language processtug
language procossing
language production
language prpcessing
language recogniser
language recognition
language recognizer
language retrieval
language search
language selection
language switching
language teaching
language technology
language tools
language training
language transcription
language transfer
language translation
language tutoring
language underslanding
language understandhlg
language understanding
language understandlnu
language understandng
language understmlding
language wderstanding
language-independent bootstrapping
language-independent editing
language-independent extraction
language-specific lexicalization
language\/codeset recognition
lanugage processing
laplace smoothing
laplacian embedding
large-margin learning
large-margin training
large-scale parsing
large-scale treebank-creation
large-vocabulary recognition
larnbek calculus
laser printer
latent-class clustering
latent-semantic analysis
latinate morphology
lattice computation
lattice construction
lattice decoding
lattice manipulation
lattice parsing
lattice pruning
lattice rescoring
lattice search
lauguage processing
layer training
lazy copying
lazy evaluation
lazy ewfluation
lazy expansion
lazy learning
lazy merger
lazy parsing
lazy unification
lc parsing
lcflex parser
lcs calculation
lcs composition
lcs transformation
lcxical disambiguation
ldd recovery
ldd resolution
learning algorithm
learning algorithms
learning approach
learning approaches
learning framework
learning mechanism
learning method
learning methods
learning procedure
learning process
learning program
learning system
learning task
learning technique
learning techniques
learning-based coreference
learning-based segmentation
learning-based translation
least-errors recognition
least-squares classification
leave-one-out cross-validation
leave-one-out method
leave-one-out resampling
leaveone-out cross-validation
leaving-one-out technique
lecture processing
lecture segmentation
left-associative parsing
left-context checking
left-corner parsing
left-corner parsiug
left-corner prediction
left-recursion elimination
left-right centering
left-to-right decoding
left-to-right parsing
left-to-right processing
left-to-right search
legacy-document normalization
legal reasoning
legal summarisation
length correction
length normalization
length norrealization
length weighting
length-based alignment
lenguage processing
lesson generation
letter coding
letter matching
letter recognizer
letter-to-phone conversion
letter-to-phoneme conversion
letter-to-sound generation
letter-to-sound translation
letter-to-sound\/soundto-letter generation
letter-to-stress conversion
letter\/sound generation
level assessment
level ordering
levenshtein automaton
lexeme acquisition
lexicai acquisition
lexical access
lexical acquisition
lexical acquistilion
lexical adaptation
lexical alignment
lexical analysis
lexical analyzer
lexical bootstrapping
lexical chaining
lexical chooser
lexical classification
lexical clustering
lexical coding
lexical correction
lexical decoding
lexical decomposition
lexical disambiguation
lexical disarnbiguation
lexical discrimination
lexical expansion
lexical extraction
lexical induction
lexical insertion
lexical learning
lexical look-up
lexical lookup
lexical mapping
lexical matching
lexical method
lexical modeling
lexical neural-network
lexical optimization
lexical paraphrasing
lexical parsing
lexical phonology
lexical preferencing
lexical preproeessing
lexical priming
lexical processing
lexical reasoning
lexical regularization
lexical retrieval
lexical search
lexical segmentation
lexical selection
lexical smoothing
lexical structuring
lexical subcategorisation
lexical tagging
lexical testing
lexical tuning
lexical weighting
lexical-syntactic selection
lexical\/syntactic selection
lexicalist parsing
lexicalist prediction
lexicalized learning
lexicalized parser
lexicalized training
lexically-driven parsing
lexicase parsing
lexicon access
lexicon acquisition
lexicon augmentation
lexicon building
lexicon compilation
lexicon construction
lexicon creation
lexicon design
lexicon development
lexicon developrnent
lexicon enhancement
lexicon evaluation
lexicon extension
lexicon extraction
lexicon generation
lexicon handling
lexicon induction
lexicon learning
lexicon lookup
lexicon management
lexicon merging
lexicon organization
lexicon provider
lexicon pruning
lexicon representation
lexicon smoothing
lexicon symmetrization
lexicon system
lexicon transducer
lexicon translation
lexicon tuning
lexicon-based alignment
lexicon-based representation
lexicon-based segmentation
lexicon-free indexing
lexieal access
lexiease parsing
lf alignment
lfg annotation
lfg construction
lfg parsing
lhc decomposition
lhe projection
library classification
lifer parser
lig parsing
light-stemming algorithm
light-tk software
likelihood approach
likelihood decoding
likelihood estimate
likelihood estimation
likelihood estimator
likelihood hard-clustering
likelihood identification
likelihood maximization
likelihood reestimation
likelihood segmentation
likelihood training
likelihood-based clustering
line-search method
linear alignment
linear deduction
linear derivation
linear discriminant
linear estimation
linear extrapolation
linear factoring
linear interpolation
linear kernel
linear learning
linear ordexing
linear parser
linear parsing
linear plmming
linear programming
linear recency
linear regression
linear scan
linear search
linear sequencing
linear threshold
linear-threshold function
linear-time clustering
linear-time parsing
linear-time randomizedselection
linear-time recognition
linguistic analysis
linguistic categorization
linguistic classification
linguistic compaction
linguistic correction
linguistic decoding
linguistic deduction
linguistic engineering
linguistic mapping
linguistic mechanism
linguistic modeling
linguistic modelling
linguistic parser
linguistic parsing
linguistic pre-processing
linguistic processing
linguistic programming
linguistic realizer
linguistic tagging
linguistic techniques
linguistic-and-templates system
linguistic-rule induction
linguistica algorithm
linguistics-based pruning
linguistics-based technique
link analysis
link assignment
link classification
link classifier
link clustering
link detection
link extension
link extraction
link grammar
link identification
link parser
link prediction
link resolution
lisp implementation
lisp machine
list algorithm
list construction
list constructor
list detection
list extraction
list induction
list lookup
list marker
list re-ranking
list reranking
list rescoring
list training
list-based decoding
lit parsing
literary analysis
literate programming
llp2 parser
llsf mapping
lm adaptation
lm pruning
lmnsetsu identification
lmr tagging
lnorphology analysis
lnternet access
load balancing
load detection
loanword extraction
loanword formation
local alignment
local classification
local clustering
local disambiguation
local edge-detection
local encoding
local estimation
local learning
local maximization
local navigation
local normalization
local optimisation
local optimization
local pattern-matching
local reordering
local-statistics-based disambiguation
localized processing
location analysis
location normalization
locative alternation
log-entropy weighting
log-linear estimation
log-linear modeling
log-linear training
log-probability maximization
log-spectral representation
logarithmic search
logfile evaluation
logic learning
logic programming
logic-based parser-acquisition
logical analysis
logical evaluation
logical inference
logical reasoning
logistic regression
logix environment
loglike coefficient
loglinear analysis
loglinear interpolation
long-form validation
long-term storage
longest matching
longest-match replacement
longsentence splitting
look-behind reordering
look-up strategy
look-up tool
lookup algorithm
loop resolution
loopback mechanism
loose segmentation
lorphotogical parsing
loss approximation
loss estimation
loss function
loss-based decoding
lp formulation
lpc analysis
lpc synthesis
lr automata
lr parsing
lr-like parsing
lr-parser construction
lrc algorithm
lri parsing
lsa approach
lsa-based clustering
lsa-based summarization
lsa-weighted voting
lsaguage processing
ltag extraction
ltag parsing
ltag representation
ltc weighting
lterative clustering
lu decomposition
lulowledge engineering
lvc classification
lvc detection
lvc identification
lvq algorithm
m-gram decoding
machinc learning
machine analysis
machine annotation
machine classification
machine evaluation
machine generation
machine hanslatiou
machine hyphenation
machine leaning
machine learner
machine learning
machine lecturing
machine lranslation
machine modeling
machine perception
machine processing
machine reasoning
machine sorting
machine transl
machine translation
machine translatlou
machine transliteration
machine vision
machine-aided system
machine-aided translation
machine-assisted translation
machine-learning classification
machine-translation system
machiue translation
macro debugging
magnitude estimation
main-verb detection
mainframe computer
majority classifier
majority voting
mallet system
man-machine collaboration
man-machine communication
man-machine dialog
man-machine dialogue
man-machine interaction
management mechanism
management software
management systems
mandarin tts
manifold regularization
many-to-one mapping
map adaptation
map algorithm
map estimation
map generation
map inference
map navigation
map training
mapping algorithm
mapping function
mapping method
mapping process
mar support
margin algorithm
margin training
margin-based learning
marginal training
mark-up language
marker identification
marker insertion
marker passing
marker selection
marker-based alignment
markers\/selection restriction
markov branching
markov model
markov modelin
markov modeling
markov modelling
markup language
mass storage
matching algorithm
matching technique
mate coding
mathematical modeling
mathematical programming
matrix calculation
matrix decomposition
matrix factorisation
matrix factorization
matrix instantiation
matrix inversion
matrix manipulation
matrix multiplication
matrix permutation
matrix searching
matrix vocoder
max entropy
max-margin alignment
max-margin estimation
max-max reranking
maxent classifier
maxent part-of-speech
maxilnal match
maximal matching
maximally-efficient discourse-processing
maximization algorithm
maximum approximation
maximum entity
maximum entropy
maximum likelihood
maximum liklihood
maximum match
maximum matching
maximum-entropy modeling
maximum-entropy parsing
maximum-entropy tagging
maximum-likelihood bracketing
maximum-likelihood estimation
maximum-recall parsing
mbr decoding
mbsl scoring
mdl-based generalization
me chunking
me modeling
me training
mean adaptation
mean normalization
mean subtraction
meaning analysis
meaning processing
meaning representation
meaning-based similarity
meaning-level representation
meaning-oriented analysis
mechanical inference
mechanical segmentation
mechanical translation
media allocation
media conversion
mediated priming
medical dictation
medline search
medoid clustering
meeting processing
meeting recording
meeting scheduling
meeting segmentation
meeting summarisation
meeting summarization
meeting transcription
member selection
memm tagger
memory allocation
memory editing
memory management
memory processing
memory search
memory storage
memory-based classifier
memory-based learner
memory-based learning
memory-based machine
memory-based parse
memory-based parsing
memory-based reasoning
memory-based recollection
memory-based tagging
memory-based translation
mention detection
mention recognition
menu-based debugging
menu-driven interface
mer training
mesh smoothing
mesh training
message aggregation
message classification
message clustering
message extraction
message generation
message handling
message passing
message planning
message processing
message queuing
message retrieval
message routing
message selection
message understanding
messsage extraction
meta-comment identification
meta-data extraction
meta-linguistic processing
metadata access
metadata building
metadata collection
metadata detection
metadata generator
metagrammar compilation
metagrammar compiler
metagrammatical parsing
metaphone spelling-correction
metaphor comprehension
metaphor detection
metaphor interpretation
metaphor processing
metaphor understanding
metathesaurus retrieval
method combination
metonymy recognition
metonymy resolution
metric computation
metric learning
metric optimization
metrical encoding
metrics-based evaluation
metropolis acceptancerejection
metropolis algorithm
metropolis-hastings algorithm
mgti technique
mh parsing
mi method
mi-ngram modeling
mi-trigger-based modeling
mi-trigram modeling
mic modelling
micro averaging
micro planning
micro-averaging method
microchip fabrication
microelectronics fabrication
microphone adaptation
microphone array
microphone selection
middle-out parsing
minimal listing
minimally-supervised learning
minimization classification
minimum match
minimum-cut-based segmentation
minimum-distance parsing
mining task
minor phrasing
miscue detection
mission planning
mistake-driven learning
mixed-initiative dialog
mixed-initiative dialogue
mixed-initiative system
mixture modeling
mixture modelling
mixture training
mixture-of-posteriors approach
ml estimation
ml training
mle reestimation
mle thresholding
mmar induction
mmie training
mmlsd estimator
mobile computing
mobile phone
mobile robot
mobile telephone
modality analysis
modality identification
mode coordination
model acquisition
model adaptation
model bootstrapping
model building
model checking
model clustering
model construction
model creation
model development
model estimation
model generation
model growing
model induction
model integration
model interpolation
model learning
model merging
model mixing
model modification
model optimization
model processor
model pruning
model re-estimation
model reduction
model reestimation
model refinement
model rescoring
model retrieval
model section
model selection
model smoothing
model switching
model training
model-based adaptation
model-based learning
model-based method
model-based segmentation
model-based training
model-theoretic scoring
modelin g
modeling coordination
modeling dialogue
modeling discourse
modeling granularity
modeling information-seeking
modeling paraphrasing
modeling relatedness
modeling speech
modeling technique
modeling translation
modelling algorithm
modelling word-meanings
modeltheoretic interpretation
modern biology
modular bootstrapping
modular communication
modular design
modular development
modular parsing
mono-directional decoding
mono-lingual disambiguation
mono-lingual retrieval
monolingual bootstrapping
monolingual clustering
monolingual generation
monolingual parsing
monolingual retrieval
monolingual selection
monologue generation
monologue segmentation
monothetic classification
monotone search
monotonic interpretation
monotonic reasoning
monotonic translation
montague treatment
monte-carlo method
morpbological analysis
morph lemmatiser
morpheme decomposition
morpheme discovery
morpheme estimation
morpheme extraction
morpheme handling
morpheme identification
morpheme ordering
morpheme processing
morpheme segmentation
morpho-lexical analysis
morpho-semantic generator
morpho-syntactic analysis
morpho-syntactic parser
morpho-syntactic parsing
morpho-syntactic tagging
morphological analvsis
morphological analyser
morphological analysis
morphological analyzer
morphological analyzer1
morphological analyzer\/generator
morphological analyzers
morphological classification
morphological comparison
morphological decomposition
morphological disambigua
morphological disambiguation
morphological disamblguation
morphological dismnbiguation
morphological generation
morphological generator
morphological induction
morphological learning
morphological mlalyser
morphological parser
morphological parsing
morphological process
morphological processing
morphological processor
morphological realization
morphological segmentation
morphological synthesis
morphological tagging
morphological tokenization
morphological treatment
morphologicm analysis
morphology analysis
morphology analyzer
morphology discovery
morphology induction
morphology learner
morphology learning
morphology tool
morphology-based disambiguation
morphosyntactic mapping
morton approach
motif detection
motion capture
motion-capture implementation
motor control
mouse-controlled rubber-band
move classification
movement inversion
mrd-to-ldb parsing
msa parser
msl completion
mssm algorithm
mst algorithm
mst parsing
mt development
mt engine
mt reranking
mt system
mt systems
mt technology
mt-based paraphrasing
mt-based retrieval
mt-based search
mt-specific search
muc scoring
mulfinomial distribution
mulrinomial distribution
multi-article summarization
multi-beam search
multi-class classification
multi-class recognition
multi-cost alignment
multi-cost expansion
multi-dimensional classifica
multi-dimensional classification
multi-dimensional scaling
multi-doc summarization
multi-document analysis
multi-document fusion
multi-document smnmarization
multi-document summarisation
multi-document summarization
multi-field extraction
multi-label classification
multi-layer perceptron
multi-layer segmentation
multi-learner bootstrapping
multi-level analysis
multi-level bootstrapping
multi-level learning
multi-level parsing
multi-level resolution
multi-level transfer
multi-level translation
multi-lingual generation
multi-lingual summarization
multi-lingual text-to-speech
multi-lingual toolkit
multi-lingual translation
multi-media computer
multi-modal communication
multi-modal dialog
multi-modal dialogue
multi-paragraph segmentation
multi-pass decoding
multi-pass recognition
multi-pass rescoring
multi-pass search
multi-phase compilation
multi-resolution detection
multi-stack decoding
multi-stack search
multi-stage parsing
multi-step matching
multi-strategy parsing
multi-style training
multi-system integration
multi-tier mapping
multi-view co-training
multi-way classification
multi-word alignment
multi-word translation
multiagent planning
multicategory classification
multiclass classification
multiclass learning
multiclass perceptron
multidimensional optimization
multidimensional parsing
multidimensional scaling
multidocument summarization
multikey quicksort
multilayer search
multilevel bootstrapping
multilevel parsing
multilingual alignment
multilingual annotation
multilingual communication
multilingual generation
multilingual processing
multilingual projection
multilingual retrieval
multilingual summarization
multilingual translation
multimedia communication
multimedia delivery
multimedia fusion
multimedia interface
multimedia presentation
multimedia summarization
multimedia technology
multimedia transformation
multimodal communication
multimodal content-selection
multimodal dialog
multimodal dialogue
multimodal fission
multimodal fusion
multimodal generation
multimodal integration
multimodal interaction
multimodal interface
multimodal interpretation
multimodal parsing
multimodal translation
multimodal understanding
multipass search
multiperspective question-answering
multiple-document summarization
multiple-output conversion
multiple-pass parsing
multiple-sequence alignment
multisequence alignment
multistack search
multitarget generation
multivariate analysis
multivariate clustering
multivariate standardization
multiword recognition
murasaki evaluation
museum system
music understanding
mutli-document summarization
mutual bootstrapping
mutual reinforcement
mutualinformation-based clustering
mwe detection
mwe extraction
mwtu recognition
mwu induction
n-ary classifier
n-best chunker
n-best grafting
n-best paradigm
n-best parsing
n-best re-ranking
n-best reranking
n-best rescoring
n-best search
n-best training
n-best voting
n-bin classification
n-gram backoff
n-gram clustering
n-gram completion
n-gram construction
n-gram estimation
n-gram extraction
n-gram indexing
n-gram induction
n-gram matching
n-gram modeling
n-gram modelling
n-gram re-estimation
n-gram retrieval
n-gram segmentation
n-gram selection
n-gram tagging
n-gram training
n-gram weighting
n-gram-based completion
n-gram-based evaluation
n-gram-based segmentation
n-pron resolution
n-type approximation
n-way classification
naive bayes
naive bayesian
nallsation analysis
name analysis
name association
name classification
name detection
name dialing
name disambiguation
name discrimination
name extraction
name finding
name formation
name identification
name linking
name matching
name normalization
name recognition
name recognizer
name resolution
name search
name searching
name spotting
name suggestion
name tagging
name translation
name transliteration
name-variation generation
name\/alias recognition
named disjunction
named-entity classification
named-entity detection
named-entity extraction
named-entity identification
named-entity labeling
named-entity recognition
named-entity recognizer
named-entity tagging
namedentity extraction
narrative understanding
narrow classification
native interface
native-code compiler
natural deduction
natural evaluation
natural-language access
natural-language generation
natural-language parsing
natural-language prccesslng
natural-language processing
natural-language translation
natural-language understanding
naturallanguage processing
navigation\/information retrieval
navigational assistance
nb learning
nbest rescoring
nc interpretation
ne alignment
ne bootstrapping
ne classification
ne detection
ne discovery
ne extraction
ne extractor
ne identification
ne recognition
ne recognizer
ne system
ne tagger
ne tagging
ne translation
ne transliteration
neal-montgomery evaluation
near-duplicate detection
near-term extraction
nearest neighbors
nearest neighbour
nearest-neighbor clustering
nearest-neighbour classifier
ned detection
neighbor classification
neighbor clustering
neighborhood learning
neighborhood pruning
neighbour classification
ner annotation
ner evaluation
ner tagging
net deduction
network analysis
network building
network communication
network computing
network construction
network creation
network deduction
network encoding
network evaluation
network generation
network inferencing
network learning
network optimisation
network representation
network search
network training
network transformation
network-based access
network-based learning
neural learning
neural net
neural network
neural networks
news browsing
news categorization
news recognizer
news summarization
news transcription
newspaper processing
nextgeneration web
nfl translation
nger parsing
ngram modeling
nikl classification
nist scoring
nite automaton
nl analysis
nl generation
nl interface
nl interpretation
nl modeling
nl parsing
nl processing
nl research
nl system
nl translation
nl understanding
nl-based information-extraction
nlachine translation
nlc system
nlg approach
nlg system
nlg technology
nli processing
nlp analysis
nlp pruning
nlp shell
nlp software
nlp system
nlp systems
nlp technology
nlp-based indexing
nlp\/language engineering
nlpwin parser
nmchine learning
nmltilingual generation
nmltimodal subcategorization
nmmory-based learning
nn algorithm
no-grammar recognizer
node creation
node deletion
node filtering
node identification
node marking
node matching
node migration
node packing
node projection
node recovery
node reduction
node rewriting
node splitting
node unification
noise cancellation
noise compensation
noise deletion
noise elimination
noise filtering
noise insulation
noise reduction
noise removal
noise suppression
noise-robust software
noise-robust tagger
noisy-channel model
noisychannel modeling
nombank srl
nominal analysis
nominal interpretation
non-compositional interpretation
non-destructive transfer
non-destructive unification
non-deterministic automata
non-deterministic backtracking
non-deterministic fusion
non-deterministic parsing
non-deterministic search
non-determistic automaton
non-disambiguated alignment
non-dss unification
non-dss unilication
non-em optimization
non-exact selection
non-extractive summarization
non-hierarchical clustering
non-hierarchical clustermg
non-indexing parser
non-iucremental search
non-linear optimization
non-linear parsing
non-linear planning
non-metrical scaling
non-monotone translation
non-monotonous search
non-neural network
non-numeric processing
non-overlapping clustering
non-parametric estimation
non-parametric kernel
non-parametric switching
non-peripheral extraction
non-probability sampling
non-projective parsing
non-pronoun resolution
non-sequential classifier
non-sgml database
non-standard encryption
non-statistical indexing
non-transitive differentiation
non-unification computation
nonconcatenative morphology
nondestructive unification
nondeterministic derivation
nondeterministic parsing
nonhierarchical clustering
nonhierarchical partitioning
nonhybrid disambiguation
nonlinear minimization
nonlinear morphology
nonlinear optimization
nonlinear planning
nonlinear warping
nonlocal checking
nonmonotonic reasoning
nonmonotonic unification
nooverlapping clustering
normal-form derivation
normal-form parsing
normalization procedure
normalization process
norreal unification
note taking
noun analysis
noun chaining
noun chunking
noun classification
noun clustering
noun construction
noun extraction
noun filtering
noun identification
noun indexing
noun interpretation
noun matching
noun paraphrasing
noun prediction
noun resolution
noun segmentation
noun stemming
noun tagging
noun-classifier matching
noun-phrase analysis
noun-phrase bracketing
noun-phrase chunker
noun-phrase chunking
noun-phrase extraction
noun-phrase identification
novelty detection
np algorithm
np analysis
np annotation
np bracketing
np chunker
np chunking
np coordination
np detection
np expansion
np extraction
np extractor
np generation
np identification
np planning
np prediction
np realization
np recognition
np saturation
np-chunks identification
np-detection \
np\/pp translation
ns analysis
nt parsing
nuance toolkit
nugget-based assessment
nugget-based evaluation
nugget-based scoring
null clustering
null matching
null processing
number matching
numeric relaxation
numeric weighting
numerical classification
numerical computing
numerical forecasting
numerical optimisation
numerical optimization
numerical prediction
numerical scoring
o\/information extraction
object detection
object disambiguation
object discriminatiou
object identification
object labeling
object recognition
object topicalization
object tracking
object-oriented database
object-oriented design
object-oriented implementation
object-oriented modeling
object-oriented parsing
object-oriented programming
object-oriented scripting
object-oriented simulation
objective evaluation
objective selection
obligations management
observation system
observational learning
obstacle detection
occurrence identification
occurrence restriction
ocher parsing
ocr software
off-line compilation
off-line optimization
off-line parsing
off-line processing
office automation
offline optimization
okapi algorithm
olject-oriented programufiug
oltline parsing
om parsing
omission detection
on-line activation
on-line dialogue
on-line documentation
on-line education
on-line encyclopedia
on-line interaction
on-line learning
on-line parsing
on-line prediction
on-line recognition
on-line training
on-line translation
one clustering
one learning
one-against-all learning
one-againstthe-rest classification
one-anaphora resolution
one-dimensional search
one-hot coding
one-level phonology
one-pass decoding
one-pass identification\/classification
one-pass search
one-shot learning
one-to-one mapping
one-versus-rest method
one-vs-rest classification
online adaptation
online communication
online completion
online learning
online parsing
online perceptron
online processing
online search
online training
onroad navigation
onstraint propagation
ontological acquisition
ontological annotation
ontological exploration
ontological generalization
ontological mediation
ontological modeling
ontology acquisition
ontology building
ontology comparison
ontology construction
ontology creation
ontology description
ontology editor
ontology evaluation
ontology extraction
ontology induction
ontology integration
ontology learning
ontology look-up
ontology maintenance
ontology matching
ontology population
ontology representation
ontology-based approach
ontology-based inference
ontologyalignment ormatching
oov handling
open discovery
open-text disambiguation
openccg realizer
operating system
operative selection
opinion analysis
opinion detection
opinion determination
opinion extraction
opinion monitoring
opinion recognition
opinion summarization
opinion-sentence extraction
opinion\/fact classification
opinionhood determination
opportunistic planning
opportunistic search
optical storage
optimal generalisation
optimal pruning
optimisation algorithm
optimisation technique
optimization algorithm
optimization method
optimization procedure
optimization strategy
optimization technique
optimization toolkit
oral-reading recognition
orange evaluation
order acquisition
order identication
order restoration
order transformation
ordinal regression
orientation detection
orientation extraction
orthographic disambiguation
orthographic mapping
orthographic normalization
orthographic representation
orthographic search
orthographical mapping
orthographically-based computer
outlier detection
output coding
output generation
output realization
output-distribution adaptation
overlapping clustering
owl dl
owl language
owl lite
p-name extraction
p.d.t smoothing
packed parsing
packet assembler-disassembler
packing method
paf kernel
page classification
pagerank random-walk
pair extraction
pair identification
pairedness determination
pairwise alignment
pairwise classification
pairwise clustering
pairwise coupling
pairwise voting
panel display
paper routing
paper-based documentation
par-adise evaluation
paraameter estimation
paradise evaluation
paragraph alignment
paragraph analysis
paragraph clustering
paragraph extraction
paragraph formation
paragraph generator
paragraph identification
paragraph indexing
paragraph insertion
paragraph mapping
paragraph retrieval
paragraph segmentation
paragraph selection
paragraph-based alignment
paragraph-based approach
paragraph-based summarization
parallel analysis
parallel annotation
parallel beam-search
parallel computer
parallel computing
parallel generation
parallel interpretation
parallel marker-passing
parallel parsing
parallel processing
parallel projection
parallel scheduling
parallel tagging
parallel training
parallelism verification
parameter adaptation
parameter adjustment
parameter estimate
parameter estimation
parameter grounding
parameter identification
parameter learning
parameter optimization
parameter pooling
parameter re-estimation
parameter reduction
parameter reestimation
parameter search
parameter selecting
parameter selection
parameter setting
parameter smoothing
parameter tracking
parameter training
parameter tuning
parameter tying
parameter-crucial learning
parameter-free smoothing
parameter-independent learning
parameterisable applet
parametertuning method
parametric embedding
parametric estimation
parametric hybridization
paraphrase acquisition
paraphrase classification
paraphrase detection
paraphrase discovery
paraphrase extraction
paraphrase generation
paraphrase identification
paraphrase learning
paraphrase matching
paraphrase recognition
paraphrase representation
paraphrase selection
paraphrase-oriented discovery
paraphrasing questions
paraphrasing technique
parse disambiguation
parse filtering
parse prediction
parse ranking
parse re-ranking
parse reranking
parse scoring
parse selection
parse-tree analysis
parser acquisition
parser adaptation
parser benchmarking
parser combination
parser comparison
parser construction
parser diversification
parser evaluation
parser generation
parser generator
parser implementation
parser improvement
parser induction
parser optimisation
parser recovery
parser reranking
parser switching
parser system
parser transferring
parser-based approach
parser-mediated revision
parsing algorithm
parsing engine
parsing interface
parsing interpreter
parsing mechanism
parsing method
parsing module
parsing re-ranking
parsing speech
parsing system
parsing technique
parsing technologies
parsing technology
parsing-based method
parsing-based optimization
parslng sy-stem
part tagger
part-of-speech assignment
part-of-speech disambiguation
part-of-speech induction
part-of-speech lagging
part-of-speech mapping
part-of-speech prediction
part-of-speech recognition
part-of-speech tagger
part-of-speech tagging
part-ofspeech disambiguation
part-ofspeech tagging
partial disambiguation
partial evaluation
partial flattening
partial match
partial matcher
partial matching
partial parser
partial parsing
partial tagger
partial traceback
partial understanding
partial-match retrieval
partially-supervised procedure
partitional clustering
partof-speech tagging
pas method
pass generator
passage analysis
passage extraction
passage retrieval
passage scoring
passage selection
patent analysis
patent retrieval
patent watch
path alignment
path building
path collection
path consistency
path evaluation
path finding
path growing
path indexing
path resolution
path search
path searching
path voting
path-based inference
pathway discovery
patiern matching
pattern abstraction
pattern acquisition
pattern analysis
pattern classification
pattern construction
pattern detection
pattern discovery
pattern engineering
pattern extraction
pattern extractor
pattern generalization
pattern generating
pattern generation
pattern generator
pattern induction
pattern learning
pattern matcher
pattern matching
pattern matehing
pattern mining
pattern production
pattern pruning
pattern ranking
pattern recognition
pattern representa
pattern representation
pattern validation
pattern-based extraction
pattern-based interpretation
pattern-based technique
pattern-based translation
pattern-matching technique
pattern-nlatchhlg nlethod
patternmatching algorithm
patxem recognition
pause detection
pause insertion
pause prediction
pause segmentation
paxt-of-speech tagging
pc video-conferencing
pc-kimmo-v2 system
pcfg estimation
pcfg induction
pcfg parser
pcfg parsing
pcfg pruning
pda construction
pdt construction
pdt learning
pdtb design
peak detection
peak explanation
peak picking
pearl parser
pearson correlation
pen-based interaction
perceptron algorithm
perceptron hmm
perceptron learning
perceptron network
perceptron system
perceptron training
perceptron-like reranking
perceptron-like splitting
perceptroninspired reranking
perceptual processing
perceptual system
performance enhancement
performance enhancing
performance modeling
performance modelling
peripheral processing
periphrastic inflection
perl script
persistent storage
personal computer
personality classification
personalized search
perspective identification
pfst induction
pgf-inspired parsing
pharaoh training
phase alignment
phase extraction
phoenix parser
phological analysis
phological analyzer
phomeme recognition
phone banking
phone classification
phone recognition
phone recognizer
phone-based matching
phoneme classification
phoneme insertion
phoneme recognition
phoneme recognizer
phoneme verification
phoneme-based syllabification
phoneme-to-grapheme conversion
phoneme-to-text conversion
phoneme\/feature classification
phonemic analysis
phonemic parser
phonetic alignment
phonetic analysis
phonetic classification
phonetic decoding
phonetic encoding
phonetic expansion
phonetic interpreter
phonetic mapping
phonetic modeling
phonetic realisation
phonetic scoring
phonetic search
phonetic spelling
phonetic transcription
phonetic transliteration
phonetic-based scoring
phonetic\/orthographic comparison
phoneticization algorithm
phonetics-to-text translation
phonological acquisition
phonological encoding
phonological interpreter
phonological modification
phonological parsing
phonological-rule induction
phonotactic automata
phrasal alignment
phrasal analysis
phrasal attachment
phrasal extraction
phrasal integration
phrasal lexicon
phrasal matching
phrasal parsing
phrasal production
phrasal reordering
phrasal translation
phrase acquisition
phrase aligner
phrase alignment
phrase analysis
phrase bracketing
phrase chunking
phrase classification
phrase clustering
phrase combiner
phrase completion
phrase concatenation
phrase detection
phrase determiner
phrase disambiguation
phrase expansion
phrase extension
phrase extraction
phrase finding
phrase fronting
phrase generation
phrase identification
phrase indexing
phrase induction
phrase labeler
phrase labeling
phrase learning
phrase mapping
phrase matching
phrase modification
phrase ordering
phrase parsing
phrase prediction
phrase processing
phrase recognition
phrase resolution
phrase retrieval
phrase segmentation
phrase selection
phrase spotting
phrase tagging
phrase translation
phrase weighting
phrase-answer ranking
phrase-based decoder
phrase-based decoding
phrase-based indexing
phrase-based translation
phrase-pair selection
phrase-representation summarization
phrase-table smoothing
phrase-to-phrase alignment
phrase-tophrase alignment
phrase\/rule extraction
phrases extraction
phrasestructure parsing
phrasetable smoothing
pic training
picky algorithm
picky parsing
pie parser
pinyin coding
pinyin-english translation
pinyin-to-character conversion
pipelining approach
pircs retrieval
pitch control
pitch measurement
pitch tracking
pivotal construction
plagiarism detection
plan construction
plan execution
plan expansion
plan generation
plan inference
plan parsing
plan processor
plan reasoning
plan recognition
plan tracking
planning dialogues
planning system
platform development
plcg parsing
plink selection
plot comparison
plpatr recognition
plr parsing
plural detection
plural disambiguation
plural formation
plus-one smoothing
pocl planning
pof mapping
pointwise-prediction single-classifier
polarity classification
polarity classifier
polarity filtering
polynomial approximation
polynomial kernel
polynomial parsing
polynomial-dine recognition
polynomial-time generation
polynomial-time parsing
polynomial-time recognition
polynomial-time search
polynomial-time translation
polynominal-time parsing
pool sampling
population method
pornography filtering
porter stemmer
porter stemming
portuguese parser
pos disambiguation
pos estimation
pos extraction
pos kernel
pos smoothing
pos tagger
pos tagging
position tagging
positional indexing
post-mortem parsing
post-ocr correction
post-order linearization
post-translation expansion
posterior-lattice indexing
posteriori estimation
posteriori smoothing
pp alignment
pp attachmentdisambiguation
pp disambiguation
pp interpretation
pp-attachment disambiguation
pp-attachment resolution
ppa resolution
ppi augmentation
pragmatic analysis
pragmatic component
pragmatic inferencing
pragmatic processing
pragmatic reasoning
prccesslng device
pre-filtering algorithm
pre-tagging strategy
precision casting
precision computation
predicate classification
predicate decomposition
predicate modification
predicate relaxation
predicate selection
predicate-argument extraction
predicate-argument recognition
predicate-argument transformation
predict-support algorithm
prediction algorithm
prediction system
prediction technique
predictive analyzer
predictive clustering
predictive parser
predictive parsing
preference acquisition
preference learning
preference modeling
preference resolution
preference scoring
preference selection
prefix trie
prefixspan pruning
preposition classification
preposition classifier
preposition disambigua
preposition disambiguation
preposition interpretation
prepositional modification
prepositional subcategorization
presentation generation
presentation manager
presentation operator
presumption checking
presupposition accommodation
presupposition detection
presupposition projection
presupposition resolution
previous-best-hypothesis rejection
primitive decomposition
principal training
principle-based parsing
principled learning
probabdity thresholding
probabifistic parser
probabihstic tagging
probabilistic analysis
probabilistic classification
probabilistic classifier
probabilistic clustering
probabilistic decision-tree
probabilistic disambiguation
probabilistic finite-state
probabilistic generation
probabilistic inference
probabilistic learning
probabilistic lsa
probabilistic method
probabilistic modeling
probabilistic parser
probabilistic parsing
probabilistic prediction
probabilistic processing
probabilistic reasoning
probabilistic recognition
probabilistic relaxation
probabilistic retrieval
probabilistic search
probabilistic segmentation
probabilistic thresholding
probabilistic translation
probabilistic voting
probabilistie modeling
probabilities calculation
probability estimation
probability estinlatioll
probability function
probability grouping
probability interpolation
probability modeling
probability propagation
probability re-estimation
probability recomputation
probability redistribution
probability reranking
probability reweighting
probability semiring
problem solver
problem solving
problem-solving dialogue
problem-solving process
procedural categorisation
process management
processing approach
processing simulation
processing stream
processing technology
processing tools
product development
product rating
production environment
proficiency classification
proficiency estimation
profile building
profile-based paraphrasing
program interfaces
program selection
programming algorithm
programming framework
programming interface
programming interfaces
programming language
programming matching
programming mechanism
programming method
programming platform
programming process
programming system
programming technique
progressive search
progressive training
project scheduling
project-and-integrate learning
project-based learning
projection algorithm
projection technique
projective parsing
prolog development
prolog program
prolog programming
prolog unification
pronominal accessibility
pronominal binding
pronominal interpretation
pronotm resolution
pronoun detection
pronoun disambiguation
pronoun generation
pronoun interpretation
pronoun matching
pronoun production
pronoun resolut\/on
pronoun resolution
pronoun resoultion
pronunciation assignment
pronunciation classification
pronunciation component
pronunciation determination
pronunciation extraction
pronunciation learning
pronunciation modeling
pronunciation optimization
pronunciation scoring
pronunciation software
pronunciation tool
pronunciation training
proof assistant
proof building
proof editor
proof normalisation
proof presentation
proof reading
proof reduction
proof scoring
propagation algorithm
propbank parsing
propbank srl
property inheritance
proportional voting
proposal evaluation
propositional learning
prosodic assignment
prosodic classification
prosodic modeling
prosodic modelling
prosodic nmrking
prosodic processing
prosodicphrase grouping
prosody analysis
prosody assignment
prosody generation
prosody prediction
prosody transplantation
prosody-based identification
protein tagger
protein\/gene recognition
protocol analysis
proximity matching
pruning method
pruning strategy
pruning task
pruning tcchnique
pseudo-likelihood estimation
pseudoword-based evaluation
psf extractor
psg parsing
psm adaptation
pst learning
pstag algorithm
psychiatric interview
psycholinguistic analysis
psycholinguistic modeling
psycholinguistic modelling
psychological machinery
ptb parsing
push-down automata
push-down transducer
pushdown automata
pushdown automaton
pv identification
pv treatment
pyml machine
pyramid evaluation
q learning
qa framework
qa process
qa system
qarla evaluation
qc system
qlf construction
qlf resolution
qlf transfer
quadratic clustering
quadratic programming
quadratic-time alignment
qualitative evaluation
quality maintenance
quality monitoring
quality-based selection
quantifier approach
quantifier placement
quantifier raising
quantifier scoping
quantifier shuffling
quantitative analysis
quantitative evaluation
quantitative expansion
quantitative linearization
quantitative reasoning
quantitative selection
quasi-dependency-strength estimation
quasi-destructive unification
quasi-newton optimisation
quasi-newton optimization
query analysis
query answering
query building
query classification
query collection
query completion
query composing
query composition
query construction
query creation
query disambiguation
query enhancement
query evaluation
query expansion
query expansion\/modification
query formulation
query generation
query interpretation
query language
query modification
query modulation
query optimization
query processing
query refinement
query refmement
query relaxation
query spelling
query system
query training
query translation
query zoning
query-dependent summarization
query-focused summarization
query-relevant summarization
query-relevant summarizer-by-extraction
question analysis
question answering
question categorization
question classification
question classifier
question decomposition
question detection
question handling
question interpretation
question inversion
question parsing
question processing
question processor
question reformulation
question representation
question search
question segmentation
question translation
question-answer ing
question-answer matching
question-answering system
question\/answer process
questionnaire scoring
questions answering
queue reordering
quintus prolog
radical indexing
raising-verb adjunction
random access
random forest
random generation
random guess
random indexing
random projection
random sampling
random selection
random walk
random weighting
randomization test
randomization testing
randomized algorithms
randomized graph-clustering
randomized selection
rank aggregation
ranking algorithm
ranking dependency
ranking function
ranking learning
ranking method
ranking system
rapid annotation
rapid prototyping
rasp parser
rate enhancement
rate estimation
rate reduction
rating classification
rating system
ratio test
rcc interpretation
rccursive partitioning
re-estimation algorithm
re-estimation procedure
re-estimation smoothing
re-uni cation
readability assessment
reader identification
reading assistance
reading comprehension
reading machine
reading tracking
real-time parsing
real-time recognition
real-time search
real-time tracking
real-time translation
realisation algorithm
realisation process
reason identification
reason maintenance
reasoner \
reasoning algorithm
reasoning mechanism
reasoning process
reasoning system
reasoning technique
rebuttal generation
recall degradation
recall enhancing
recall-oriented alignment
recategorization process
recognition algorithm
recognition assistant
recognition device
recognition engine
recognition framework
recognition improvement
recognition inference
recognition platform
recognition procedure
recognition process
recognition search
recognition software
recognition system
recognition systems
recognition technology
recognition tools
recognition-time adaptation
recombinative animation
reconstruction engine
record extraction
record generation
record keeping
record linkage
record linking
recording environment
recursive adjunction
recursive algorithm
recursive calculation
recursive concatenation
recursive kernel
recursive mdl
recursive parsing
recursive partitioning
recursive replacement
recursive scoring
recursive segmentation
recursive wrapper
recursive-descent translation
reduction operation
reduction strategy
reductionistic parsing
redundancy detection
redundancy elimination
redundancy evaluation
redundancy removal
redundancy-based correction
reestimation algorithm
reeursive unification
reference assignment
reference determination
reference disambiguation
reference generation
reference identification
reference planning
reference realization
reference resolution
reference tracking
referent determination
referent disambiguation
referent identification
referent tracking
refinement-driven plmming
refining technique
regex method
region contraction
region finding
region segmentation
regression algorithm
regression mechanism
regression planning
regression task
regression test
regression testing
regression trees
regular expression
regularization framework
reinforcement learning
reinforcement mechanism
reinforcement training
relation assignment
relation classification
relation detection
relation determination
relation disambiguation
relation discovery
relation extrac
relation extracting
relation extraction
relation identification
relation learning
relation mapping
relation matching
relation ranking
relation recognition-process
relation resolution
relation selection
relation tagging
relation-driven skimming
relation-sense selection
relational analysis
relational database
relational databases
relational hyperlinking
relational learning
relational programming
relations extraction
relationship assignment
relationship identification
relationship recognition
relative distance
relative-frequency estimation
relaxation labeling
relaxation-ranking retrieval
relevance assessment
relevance assignment
relevance calculation
relevance derivation
relevance determination
relevance estimation
relevance extraction
relevance filtering
relevance ordering
relevance ranking
relevance scoring
relevance tagging
relevance weighting
relevancy recognition
reliability analysis
remote microphone
remote sensing
repair correction
repair detection
repair handling
repair identification
repair meta-communication
repair processing
repetitive grouping
report generation
report planning
report processing
representation technique
representation technology
reranker construction
reservation system
resilient backpropagation
resolution anaphora
resolution mechanism
resolution process
resolution technique
resolution\/term generalization
resonant tunneling
resource acquisition
resource building
resource construction
resource creation
resource description
resource development
resource integration
resource management
resource sharing
resource translation
response generation
response selection
restricted parsing
restriction relaxation
restrictive parsing
restrictive planning
restrictive premodification
restrictive segmentation
retrieval engine
retrieval framework
retrieval method
retrieval procedure
retrieval process
retrieval subsystem
retrieval system
retrieval systems
retrieval technique
retrieval technology
retrieval track
retrieving multimedia
reverse engineering
reverse index
reverse indexing
reverse querying
reversible generation
review classification
revision learning
revision-based generation
rewrite-rule rule-compilation
rewriting environment
rf modeling
rfm estimation
rgraph construction
rhetoric-based planner
rhetorical classification
rhetorical parser
rhetorical parsing
rhetorical planning
rhetorical structuring
rhetorical-based summarization
ri algorithm
right-first matching
right-node raising
right-to-left decoding
rim analysis
risk estimation
risk minimization
rlsc regressor
rmrs construction
robot navigation
robot planning
robust parsing
robustness-oriented learning
rocchio algorithm
role annotation
role assignment
role classification
role detector
role determination
role disambiguation
role extraction
role identification
role labelling
role prediction
role projection
role selection
role-determining process
root dissection
root extraction
root identification
root-based clustering
root-node finder
root-node finding
rose repair
rosetta translation
rotation estimation
rouge evaluation
rough alignment
rough-grained disambiguation
route finding
route planning
routine counting
row recognition
rst analysis
rst computing
rst tool
rst-based parsing
rst-based planning
rtn-based approximation
rulc compiler
rule acquisition
rule activation
rule compiler
rule completion
rule composition
rule construction
rule creation
rule development
rule discovery
rule engineering
rule expansion
rule extraction
rule filtering
rule formation
rule generalization
rule generation
rule generator
rule implementation
rule indexing
rule induction
rule induetion
rule instantiation
rule interference
rule interpreter
rule invocation
rule learning
rule matching
rule optimization
rule ordering
rule processing
rule pruning
rule reduction
rule representation
rule sampling
rule scoring
rule selection
rule testing
rule translation
rule validation
rule writing
rule-base chunking
rule-based analyzer
rule-based approach
rule-based classifier
rule-based disambiguation
rule-based generation
rule-based inference
rule-based learning
rule-based machine
rule-based mapping
rule-based method
rule-based phrasing
rule-based post-processing
rule-based postprocessor
rule-based processing
rule-based synthesis
rule-based system
rule-based tagger
rule-based tagging
rule-based training
rule-based transliteration
rule-based traverse
rule-learning approach
rule-learuing procedure
rule-probability estimation
rulelearning mechanism
run-time adaptation
run-time optimization
rvm training
s-stemmer algorithm
salaam tagging
sammie system
sample inspection
sample selection
sash construction
satellite recognition
sbtg algorithm
sc prediction
scalable learning
scalar multiplication
scatter storage
scc extraction
scenario analysis
scene generation
scf acquisition
scf determination
scf extraction
scfg estimation
scheduling dialogue
scheduling process
schema definition
schema recognition
schema-based approach
schemata compilation
scheme combination
scheme comparison
schmm re-estimation
schwa alternation
schwa deletion
scientific computing
scopal resolution
scope derivation
scope generation
scope resolution
scope underspecification
score assignment
score calculation
score combination
score evaluation
score fusion
score normalization
score prediction
score propagation
score sampling
scorin g
scoring answer
scoring function
scoring method
scoring program
scoring script
scoring system
scoring tool
screen management
screen switching
script generation
search algorithm
search control
search engine
search engines
search mechanism
search method
search optimization
search process
search pruning
search refinement
search server
search service
search system
search technique
search technology
search tool
search1 engine
second-order-multiple-output conversion
secondary storage
secondorder optimization
secondpass rescoring
section identification
seed derivation
seed selection
seeded clustering
seeds generation
segment classification
segment detection
segment identification
segment modification
segment recognition
segment retrieval
segment spotting
segment tagging
segmental clustering
segmentation \
segmentation \/
segmentation algorithm
segmentation method
segmentation parsing
segmentation process
segmentation processing
segmentation system
segmentation tool
segmentation work
segmentation-independent engineering
segmentationand recognition
segnmnt tioun
selection algorithm
selection learning
selection mechanism
selection method
selection process
selection search
selection strategy
selection technique
selection-restriction violation
selectionist learning
selective alignment
selective confirmation
selective projection
selective pruning
selective sampling
self-organising adaptation
self-organizing map
self-supervised learning
selnantic-based transfer
semantic abstraction
semantic acquisition
semantic analysis
semantic analyzer
semantic annotation
semantic annotation2
semantic authoring
semantic bootstrapping
semantic categorization
semantic chunker
semantic chunking
semantic classification
semantic clustering
semantic coding
semantic computation
semantic construction
semantic control
semantic correction
semantic disambiguation
semantic disambiguator
semantic evaluation
semantic expansion
semantic expectation
semantic extraction
semantic generalisation
semantic generalization
semantic grouping
semantic indexing
semantic inference
semantic interpreter
semantic learning
semantic linker
semantic maping
semantic matching
semantic memory
semantic net
semantic parser
semantic parsing
semantic patternmatching
semantic predication
semantic prediction
semantic priming
semantic processing
semantic processor
semantic reasoning
semantic relaxation
semantic reranking
semantic retrieval
semantic scattering
semantic sub-classification
semantic subcategorization
semantic synthesis
semantic tagging
semantic translation
semantic typing
semantic understanding
semantic validation
semantic verification
semantic web
semantic-based transfer
semantic-head-driven generation
semantic-head-driven generator
semantic-representation-to-speech system
semantical classification
semantics analysis
semantics construction
semantics-directed parsing
semi-automated extraction
semi-automatic acquisition
semi-automatic bracketer
semi-automatic construction
semi-automatic evaluation
semi-automatic extraction
semi-automatic learning
semi-automatic lemmatization
semi-automatic simulation
semi-automatic tagging
semi-automatic transformation
semi-continuous learning
semi-supervised algorithm
semi-supervised bootstrapping
semi-supervised classication
semi-supervised classification
semi-supervised clustering
semi-supervised learning
semi-supervised rating
semi-supervised training
semiautomated annotation
semiautomated knowledge-extraction
semiautomated sconng
semiautomatic annotation
semiring-weighted deduction
semisupervised learning
senonic modeling
sense acquisition
sense annotation
sense approximation
sense assessment
sense classification
sense clustering
sense delimitation
sense detection
sense disambignation
sense disambiguation
sense disambiguator
sense disarnbiguation
sense disaznbiguation
sense discovering
sense discovery
sense discrimination
sense discriminator
sense dismnbiguation
sense enumeration
sense identification
sense induction
sense learning
sense linking
sense merging
sense modeling
sense predication
sense pruning
sense ranking
sense reasoning
sense resolution
sense selection
sense tagger
sense tagging
sense translation
senserelate algorithm
sensetagged training
sensory system
sentence aggregation
sentence alignmelit
sentence alignment
sentence analysis
sentence breaking
sentence classification
sentence classifier
sentence clustering
sentence combination
sentence compaction
sentence comparison
sentence completion
sentence comprehension
sentence compression
sentence condensation
sentence construction
sentence decomposition
sentence detection
sentence disambiguation
sentence dividing
sentence embedding
sentence extraction
sentence formation
sentence fusion
sentence generation
sentence generator
sentence identification
sentence interpretation
sentence mapping
sentence ordering
sentence parser
sentence parsing
sentence perception
sentence planner
sentence planning
sentence prediction
sentence processing
sentence production
sentence ranking
sentence realization
sentence recognition
sentence reduction
sentence reordering
sentence rescoring
sentence retrieval
sentence scoring
sentence segmentation
sentence selection
sentence separation
sentence simplification
sentence splitting
sentence summarisation
sentence tagging
sentence tokenization
sentence translation
sentence understanding
sentence-based alignment
sentence-based learning
sentence-boundary detection
sentence-boundary disambiguation
sentence-by-sentence parsing
sentence-by-sentence translation
sentence-clustering approach
sentence-detection mechanism
sentence-extraction summarization
sentence-level parsing
sentence-semantic transfer
sentence-structure analysis
sentence-to-sentence alignment
sentence-to-sentence translation
sentential alignment
sentential parsing
sentential processing
sentiment analysis
sentiment classification
sentiment mining
sentiment retrieval
sequence alignment
sequence analysis
sequence boosting
sequence classification
sequence comparison
sequence decoding
sequence extraction
sequence kernel
sequence labeling
sequence learning
sequence matching
sequence modeling
sequence modelling
sequence processing
sequence recognition
sequence scoring
sequence segmentation
sequence tagging
sequence training
sequence translation
sequence union
sequent calculus
sequential analysis
sequential classification
sequential computer
sequential correspondence
sequential ehmination
sequential inference
sequential learning
sequential machine
sequential optimization
sequential parser
sequential sampling
sequential storage
sequential tagging
serial composition
serial decomposition
serial integration
serial parsing
serial search
series decomposition
server-side script
sesame framework
set comparison
set disambiguation
set partition
settheoretic inference
sf detection
sf identification
sfc representation
sgml parser
sgml processing
sgml transducer
sgt blackwell
sgt smoothing
shag parsing
shake-and-bake generation
shake-and-bake translation
shallow analysis
shallow analyzer
shallow generation
shallow parser
shallow parsing
shallow preprocessing
shallow processing
shallow screening
shallow understanding
shape recognition
shift detection
shift-reduce parser
shift-reduce parsing
shift-reduce-drop parsing
shift-reduce-style parsing
shift\/reduce parser
shortcut search
shortest matching
shortest path
shortest-distance algorithm
shortest-path extraction
shortest-path finding
shot analysis
si modeling
si recognition
sicstus prolog
sign detection
sign expansion
sign recognition
sign translation
signal amplification
signal compression
signal detection
signal proceasing
signal process
signal processing
signal quantization
signature collapsing
signature completion
signature creation
signature generation
signature reranking
significance analysis
significance assignment
significance filter-ing
significance testing
silence modeling
silnulatcd annealing
silnulated annealing
similarity assessment
similarity calculation
similarity computation
similarity detection
similarity estimation
similarity evaluation
similarity extraction
similarity identification
similarity match
similarity matching
similarity method
similarity scoring
similarity-based alignment
similarity-based clustering
similarity-based disambiguadon
similarity-based estimation
similarity-based grouping
similarity-based learning
similarity-based smoothing
similarity-based summarization
simplex algorithm
simplex classification
simulated annealing
simulation environment
simulation technique
simulation technology
simultaneous clustering
simultaneous interpretation
simultaneous invocation
simultaneous segmentation
sing unification
single classifier
single clustering
single encoding
single-classifier method
single-document summarization
single-document summarizer
single-link clustering
single-neuro tagger
single-pass clustering
single-sentence realization
single-tapping method
single-view bootstrapping
single-word translation
singledocument summarization
singular-value decomposition
sinhala syllabification
site selection
sitg parsing
situation adaption
situation calculus
situation handling
situation recognition
skeleton binarization
skeleton parsing
skip-and-fit recovery
sl segmentation
sld resolution
slide presentation
slm training
slot expansion
slot filling
slot labeling
sls development
smalltalk compiler
smart search
smoothing distribution
smoothing method
smoothing problem
smoothing technique
smoothing techniques
smr reordering
sms normalization
smt modeling
smt search
smt system
smt training
snippet retrieval
social network
soft clustering
software development
software engineer
software engineering
software implementation
software program
software sharing
software technology
software testing
solution search
solution synthesis
som training
sonle segmentation
sorted logic
sound learning
sound parsing
sound planning
sound separation
sound unification
sound-letter generation
sound-to-letter generation
source identification
source selection
source-channel modeling
space insertion
space search
spanish disambiguation
spanish parser
spanish parsing
spanish-to-english translation
spanning tree
sparse-matrix multiplication
spatial analysis
spatial reasoning
spatter parsing
speaker adaptation
speaker clustering
speaker identification
speaker normalization
speaker recognition
speaker segmentation
speaker variation
speaker verification
speaker-adaptation system
speaker-adaptive training
speaker-dependent recognition
speaker-dependent training
speaker-independent recognition
speaker-independent training
speaker-specific modeling
special-effects generator
specialised interpreter
specificity determining
specificity measuring
spectral analysis
spectral clustering
spectral equalization
spectral estimation
spectral interpretation
spectral normalization
spectral subtraction
spectral-based clustering
speech analysis
speech api
speech coding
speech communication
speech component
speech decoding
speech detection
speech enhancement
speech generation
speech identification
speech indexation
speech indexing
speech mining
speech modeling
speech normalization
speech perception
speech processing
speech production
speech recognit
speech recognition
speech recognition\/synthesis
speech recognizer
speech recogntion
speech repair
speech retrieval
speech segmentation
speech summarisation
speech summarization
speech synthesis
speech synthesiser
speech synthesizer
speech system
speech systems
speech tagger
speech tagging
speech technology
speech therapy
speech toolkit
speech transcription
speech translation
speech translator
speech understanding
speech understatnding
speech-driven retrieval
speech-driven software
speech-gesture alignment
speech-input\/sentence-detection mechanism
speech-inspired translation
speech-to-speech dialogue
speech-to-speech translation
speech-to-text conversion
speech-tospeech translation
speechto-speech translation
speed-based evaluation
spell checker
spell checking
spelling checker
spelling checking
spelling correction
spelling corrector
spelling recognition
spelling reform
spelling-correction algorithm
spelling-error correction
split parsing
split-and-merge search
splitting method
splog filtering
spoken dialog
spoken dialogue
spoken discourse
spoken translation
spoken tutoring
spoken-document retrieval
spoken-language parsing
spoken-language system
spoken-language translation
spoken-language understanding
spokenlanguage understanding
spomaneous dictation
spontaneous dictation
spread activation
spurt segmentation
srilm smoothing
srl classification
srl system
ss unification
ss unitication
ssm recognition
ssm training
stack decoder
stack-based algorithm
stack-based decoding
stack-based parsing
stack-based search
stacked generalization
standard cross-validation
stanford parser
state automaton
state merging
state tying
state-bound indexing
state-labeled automata
statement identification
static analysis
static disambiguation
static parsing
static reordering
static separation
statistical acquisition
statistical alignment
statistical analysis
statistical approaches
statistical categorization
statistical characterization
statistical chunking
statistical classification
statistical clustering
statistical database
statistical decoder
statistical disambiguation
statistical disambiguatiou
statistical estimation
statistical extraction
statistical generation
statistical hypothesis
statistical indexing
statistical induction
statistical inference
statistical learning
statistical machine-learning
statistical machine-translation
statistical method
statistical methods
statistical modeling
statistical modelling
statistical mt
statistical nlp
statistical optimization
statistical parser
statistical parsers
statistical parsing
statistical processing
statistical pronominalization
statistical qa
statistical ranking
statistical reasoning
statistical retrieval
statistical sampling
statistical search
statistical selection
statistical sense-disambiguation
statistical smoothing
statistical summarization
statistical system
statistical t-test
statistical tagger
statistical tagging
statistical technique
statistical techniques
statistical test
statistical testing
statistical training
statistical translation
statistical understanding
statistical weighting
statistical word-alignment
statistical\/machine learning
statistics-based alignment
statistics-based method
statistics-based translation
statistieal transliteration
status classifier
stein method
stem acquisition
stem generation
stem identification
stem morphology
stem weighting
stemmed chunking
step-wise treatment
stepwise search
stepwise translation
stimulus manipulation
stochastic approximation
stochastic chart-parsing
stochastic derivation
stochastic disambiguation
stochastic estimation
stochastic generation
stochastic matching
stochastic modelling
stochastic optimization
stochastic parsing
stochastic process
stochastic processing
stochastic search
stochastic tagger
stochastic tagging
stochastictransducer induction
stop-word removal
stopword filtering
stopword removal
storage allocation
story comprehension
story detection
story generation
story identification
story rewriting
story segmentation
story segmentor
story understanding
story-based adaptation
strand classifier
strategy learning
stratificational translation
stratified sampling
stress annotation
stress assigment
stress assignment
stress perception
stress placement
stress prediction
string addition
string alignment
string alignment\/comparison
string analysis
string comparison
string handling
string kernel
string manipulation
string match
string matching
string parser
string processing
string recognition
string searching
string segmentation
string transformation
string unification
string-based modeling
string-realization process
stringent chaining
structual disambiguation
structural alignment
structural analysis
structural correspondence
structural disambiguation
structural embedding
structural extraction
structural learning
structural matching
structural reasoning
structural recognition
structural retrieval
structural search
structural transfer
structural translation
structural weighting
structurally-induced aggregation
structuration software
structure acquisition
structure alignment
structure analysis
structure analyzer
structure anmyzing
structure assignment
structure building
structure computation
structure creation
structure determination
structure disambiguation
structure extractor
structure finding
structure generation
structure identification
structure induction
structure inference
structure inheritance
structure learning
structure manipulation
structure matching
structure merging
structure napping
structure optimization
structure parser
structure parsing
structure prediction
structure recognition
structure representation
structure search
structure selection
structure sharing
structure transfer
structure unification
structure-sharing mechanism
structure\/feature percolation
structured classification
structured ka
structured learning
structured prediction
structured programming
structures discovery
stw conversion
style analysis
style assessment
style checking
style classification
style clustering
style detection
stylistic adjustment
stylistic analysis
stylistic comparison
stylistic control
su detection
sub-sentence extraction
sub-sentential alignment
sub-story identification
sub-string matching
sub-structural alignment
sub-structure mining
sub-tree counting
sub-type tagging
subcase analysis
subcategorization acquisition
subdialog processing
subgrammar extraction
subgraph construction
subject analysis
subject classification
subject extraction
subject grouping
subject identification
subject raising
subject recognition
subject-object identification
subject-to-subject raising
subject-verb inversion
subject\/object detection
subject\/object extraction
subjective evaluation
subjectivity analysis
subjectivity classification
subjectivity extraction
subjectivity recognition
subjectivity scoring
subjectivity summarization
subjectobject identification
sublanguage analysis
sublanguage extraction
sublanguage translation
suboptimal search
subsequential transducer
subset construction
subset mining
substring substitution
subsumption checking
subsumptlon ordering
subsymbolic processing
subtask labeling
subtopic segmentation
subtopic structuring
subtree discovery
subtree inclusion
subtree search
subtree sharing
subtree swapping
subtree-to-rule conversion
subtree-torule conversion
subtype classification
subtype detection
subword approach
subword clustering
subword indexing
subword modeling
subword-based tagging
suffix handling
suffix identification
suffix stemming
suffix stripping
suffix tree
suffix trie
suffix truncation
summarisation service
summarisation system
summarising system
summarization analysis
summarization approach
summarization evaluation
summarization method
summarization procedure
summarization process
summarization system
summarization systems
summarization technology
summarizaton system
summarizer learning
summary alignment
summary browser
summary creation
summary decomposition
summary evaluation
summary fusion
summary generation
summary grading
summary selection
summary writing
summary-based alignment
summative assessment
sumnlarization ftmction
sundial dialogue
superclass declaration
superficial parsing
superset approximation
supertag disambiguation
supervised adaption
supervised back-off
supervised bootstrapping
supervised classification
supervised clustering
supervised cross-validation
supervised disambiguation
supervised discretisation
supervised fusion
supervised harvesting
supervised learner
supervised learning
supervised machine-learning
supervised method
supervised parsing
supervised segmentation
supervised system
supervised tagging
supervised training
supervised\/reinforcement learning
support-vector learning
support-vector machine
surface analysis
surface generation
surface parsing
surface processing
surface realisation
surface realization
surface realizer
surface-cue-based resolution
surface-level analysis
surface-level matching
surface-word-based matching
sv training
svc identification
svd analysis
svm algorithm
svm approach
svm classifier
svm computation
svm discrimination
svm learning
svm light
svm problem
svm ranking
svm regression
svm-based chunking
svm-based recognition
svm-based system
svm-based voting
svm-light-tk software
svm-tok tokenizer
svms-based chunking
syllabic writing
syllable combination
syllable counting
syllable recognition
syllable segmentation
syllable-to-word conversion
syllable-word segmentation
symbol acquisition
symbol manipulation
symbolic algebra
symbolic authoring
symbolic classification
symbolic computation
symbolic learning
symbolic processing
symbolic reasoning
symbolic translation
symbolics lisp
symbolie learning
symmetric alignment
symmetric learning
synchronous binarization
synchronous parsing
syndetic modelling
synonym acquisition
synonym expansion
synonym extraction
synonym finding
synonym matching
synonym resolution
synonym-based substitution
synonyms expansion
synonymy detection
synonymy resolution
synset abstraction
syntactic acquisition
syntactic algorithm
syntactic analysis
syntactic analyzer
syntactic annotation
syntactic bracketing
syntactic bracketting
syntactic categorization
syntactic chunking
syntactic coding
syntactic combiner
syntactic conversion
syntactic decomposition
syntactic disambiguation
syntactic execution
syntactic expression
syntactic extraction
syntactic filter
syntactic generation
syntactic learning
syntactic parser
syntactic parsing
syntactic priming
syntactic processing
syntactic processor
syntactic projection
syntactic propagation
syntactic realization
syntactic realizer
syntactic regularization
syntactic reordering
syntactic segmentation
syntactic substitution
syntactic testing
syntactic transfer
syntactic transformation
syntactic\/semantic analysis
syntactic\/semantic parsing
syntactical analysis
syntactical parser
syntactically-oriented parsing
syntactico-semantic analysis
syntacticsemantic parser
syntatic parsing
syntax analysis
syntax control
syntax correction
syntax selection
syntax-based alignment
syntax-based propagation
syntax-based resolution
syntax-based translation
syntax-semantics communication
syntax-to-syntax transfer
synthesis system
synthetic vision
system building
system construction
system debugging
system deployment
system engineering
system integration
system learning
system monitor
system synchronization
system testing
system training
system-oriented evaluation
system-to-operator communication
systematic generalization
systemic classification
systems engineering
t-he dismissal
table addressing
table analysis
table building
table construction
table extraction
table generation
table interpretation
table look-up
table lookup
table mining
table recognition
table searching
table-driver parsing
tableau calculus
tableaux system
tabular parsing
tabular recognition
tabular-based parsing
tactical generation
tag analysis
tag assigment
tag assignment
tag disambiguation
tag estimation
tag extraction
tag learning
tag mapping
tag matching
tag parser
tag parsing
tag recognition
tag reduction
tag-based generation
tag-based generator
tag-based parser
tagger generation
tagger generator
tagger implementation
tagger training
tagging algorithm
tagging method
tagging procedure
tagging process
tagging system
tagging tool
target learning
target recognition
tasc algorithm
task identification
task management
task manager
task-based evaluation
task-efficacy evaluation
task-oriented dialogue
task-oriented evaluation
taxonomic activity
taxonomic weighting
taxonomy induction
taxonomy kernel
taxonomy learning
tbl training
tcp\/ip-based communication
td parsing
tdag construction
tdt evaluation
tdt segmentation
tdt tracking
te recognition
team scoplng
tease acquisition
tease algorithm
technical documenlatioii
technical translation
technological watcher
technology transfer
telephone communication
telephone interface
telephone interpreting
telephone service
telephone shopping
telephone-speech classification
telephony banking
template acquisition
template construction
template construction\/instantiation
template creation
template designing
template expansion
template extraction
template filling
template fllling
template formation
template generation
template learning
template matcher
template matching
template reasoning
template-based approach
template-based generation
template\/pattern matching
tempmrary storage
temporal analysis
temporal anchoring
temporal extension
temporal inference
temporal processing
temporal reasoning
temporal resolution
temporal segmentation
temporal sequencing
temporal structuring
temporal subordination
ten-fold cross-validation
tense classification
tense mapping
tense resolution
tense selection
tense translation
tense transposition
term acquisition
term aggregation
term alignment
term assignment
term categorization
term classification
term clustering
term collection
term coupling
term detection
term dioscovery
term discovery
term distillation
term expansion
term extraction
term extractor
term filtering
term formation
term generalization
term generator
term indexing
term lookup
term management
term manipulation
term normalization
term processing
term ranking
term recognition
term recognition\/classification
term scoring
term selection
term subsumption
term suggestion
term translation
term unification
term weighting
term weightmg
term-based ir
term-based retrieval
term-based summarization
term-by-term translation
term-list translation
term-recognition system
terminological classification
terminological inference
terminological processing
terminological reasoning
terminology acquisition
terminology building
terminology compilation
terminology construction
terminology derivation
terminology detection
terminology extraction
terminology learning
terminology management
terminology retrieval
terminology structuring
terminology system
terminology translation
termlist translation
terms extraction
terms selection
texl processing
text abridging
text acquisition
text alignment
text analysis
text categorisation
text categorization
text categorzafion
text chunking
text classication
text classification
text classifier
text classiflcation
text clustering
text comprehension
text compression
text construction
text correction
text critiquing
text detection
text dictation
text editing
text editor
text encoding
text engineering
text expansion
text extraction
text formatting
text framing
text generation
text generator
text handling
text indexation
text indexing
text interpretation
text matching
text mining
text modification
text normalization
text organization
text organizer
text parser
text parsing
text planner
text planning
text pre-processing
text pre-storage
text preprocessing
text processing
text processing\/editing
text re-generation
text realization
text recognition
text representation
text retrieval
text rewriting
text routing
text scanning
text search
text searching
text segmentation
text segmenting
text selection
text simplification
text skimmer
text skimming
text structuring
text summarisation
text summarization
text summarizer
text tagging
text tiling
text understanding
text visualization
text wrapping
text-based classification
text-based dialogue
text-based segmentation
text-block recognition
text-classification learning
text-generation system
text-image editing
text-phoneme conversion
text-processing technology
text-snippet extraction
text-to speech
text-to-phoneme conversion
text-to-scene conversion
text-to-scene converter
text-to-speech conversion
text-to-speech engine
text-to-speech mapping
text-to-speech synthesis
text-to-speech synthesizer
text-to-speech system
text-to-speech technology
text-to-text alignment
text-to-text generation
text-to-text retrieval
text-tophonemes tool
text-tospeech system
text-translation alignment
textto-speech system
textual clustering
textual inference
textual understanding
texture resolution
tf weighting
tf-idf weighting
tfidf-based ir
tfr analysis
thac sampling
thai ocr
thc hest
thcsaurus generation
thematic assignment
thematic decoupling
thematic marker
thematic segmentation
thematic selection
thematic system
thematic-role assignment
theme classification
theme\/rheme identification
theorem prover
theorem proving
theoretic parsing
theory refinement
thesanrus look-up
thesatmm construction
thesaurus building
thesaurus construction
thesaurus discovery
thesaurus enrichment
thesaurus extension
thesaurus extraction
thesaurus generation
thesaurus induction
thesaurus production
thesaurus updating
thread summarization
thread-safe unication
three-tiered processing
three-way match
threshold determination
threshold pruning
threshold selection
threshold voting
thresholded marker-passing
thresholding pruning
tic-tac-toe pruning
tides processing
tiered tagging
tig parsing
tikhonov regularization
tile algorithm
tile bootstrapping
tile chunker
tile chunking
tile construction
tile filtering
tile generator
tile hearer
tile identification
tile inference
tile parsing
tile prediction
tile processing
tile reader
tile reasoning
tile reduction
tile representation
tile summarizer
tile tagging
tile testing
tile transformation
tile translation
time assignment
time mapping
time recognition
time switching
time warping
time-honored learning
time-series analysis
time-synchronous decoding
time-synchronous recognition
time-synchronous search
time-waiping function
timex recognition
tinite-state recognition
tipster evaluation
title generation
title summarization
title-based method
tlabt extraction
tlink extraction
tm scanner
tmification algorithm
tnt tagger
token alignment
token identification
token processing
token promotion
token recombination
token segmentation
token synthesis
token-based disambiguation
tokenisation routine
tokenization disambiguation
tokenization implementation
tokenization system
tomita parsing
tone classification
tone learning
tone realization
tool development
top-down algorithm
top-down approach
top-down backtrack
top-down classification
top-down clustering
top-down comparison
top-down deduction
top-down disambiguation
top-down filtering
top-down generation
top-down matching
top-down parser
top-down parsing
top-down partitioning
top-down planning
top-down prediction
top-down processing
top-down recognition
top-down refinement
top-down splitting
top-n recognition
topdown generation
topic adaptation
topic analysis
topic assignment
topic chaining
topic classification
topic classifier
topic clustering
topic collection
topic deletion
topic detection
topic determination
topic expansion
topic exploration
topic extraction
topic grouping
topic identification
topic indexing
topic inference
topic initialization
topic interpretation
topic labeling
topic marker
topic modelling
topic ordering
topic parsing
topic presentation
topic recognition
topic scoring
topic segmentation
topic selection
topic spotting
topic tracking
topic-focus identification
topic-independent recognizer
topic-probability estimation
topic-related summarization
topic\/focus identification
topical analysis
topological parser
topsense algorithm
touch typing
tp construction
trace-filler co-indexation
tracking procedure
tractable inference
tractable processing
tractable recognition
trainable classifier
trainable segmentation
trainable synthesis
trainable translation
training algorithm
training method
training procedure
training process
training rerank
training scoring
training system
transaction dialogue
transcript evaluation
transcription editor
transcription engine
transcription labeling
transcription reconstruction
transducer approach
transducer determinization
transducer induction
transducer inference
transducer learning
transducer training
transducer-based learning
transductive clustering
transductive inference
transductive learning
transfer analysis
transfer function
transfer learning
transfer process
transfer system
transfer translation
transformation learning
transformation-based indexing
transformation-based learning
transformation-based parsing
transformation-based tagging
transformational parsing
translation algorithm
translation detection
translation disambiguation
translation engine
translation estimation
translation evaluation
translation extraction
translation memory
translation method
translation mining
translation modeling
translation process
translation pruning
translation scoring
translation search
translation selection
translation service
translation system
translation systems
translation technology
translation training
translation-model estimation
translations extraction
translatiun system
translator system
translator training
translingual retrieval
transliteration modeling
transliteration process
transmission encoding
transmission-line parallel-processing
tree access
tree algorithm
tree alignment
tree anchoring
tree augmentation
tree building
tree classification
tree classifier
tree clustering
tree comparison
tree construction
tree conversion
tree cutting
tree deletion
tree design
tree drawing
tree elaboration
tree formation
tree formatting
tree generalization
tree generation
tree growing
tree indexing
tree induction
tree insertion
tree kernel
tree kernels
tree learning
tree linearization
tree matching
tree method
tree mining
tree modeling
tree modification
tree processing
tree projection
tree pruning
tree reconstruction
tree search
tree selection
tree splitting
tree substitution
tree subtraction
tree transcription
tree transducer
tree transformation
tree traversal
tree unification
tree-based alignment
tree-based learning
tree-based modeling
tree-cut extraction
tree-dop parsing
tree-structured search
tree-structured translation
tree-to-string alignment
tree-to-tree alignment
tree-trellis search
tree-treuis search
treebank construction
treebank conversion
treebank parser
treebank parsing
treebank querying
treebank randomization
treebank training
treebank transduction
treebank transformation
treebank-based parsing
treegram-index retrieval
treelet projection
treelet translation
trellis-based estimation
trend analysis
trie construction
trie-based modeling
trigger selection
trigram acquisition
trigram analysis
trigram decoding
trigram indexing
trigram tagger
trigram training
trigram-based classification
trigram-integrated decoding
trilingual alignment
triphone analysis
triphone clustering
triphone smoothing
truncated em
truth measurement
truth-maintenance system
try-and-error-based conversion
tts system
turn segmentation
tutoring system
tv broadcasting
two-class classification
two-fold cross-validation
two-layer indexing
two-level morphology
two-pass decoding
two-pass transfer
two-phase alignment
two-phase generation
two-phase parsing
two-stage classification
two-stage modeling
two-stage packing\/unpacking
two-stage parsing
two-stage recognition
two-stage retrieval
two-stage search
two-step clustering
two-step extraction
two-step generation
two-step optimization
two-step selection
two-step talker-location
two-step transfer
twolevel morphology
type alignment
type checking
type classification
type coercion
type construction
type detection
type determination
type identification
type induction
type inference
type inheritance
type parser
type raising
type resolution
type shifting
type tagging
type unification
type-based navigation
typed unification
typological classification
u transfer
u-ldm parsing
u-st parsing
ucfg recognition
udrs construction
ular inference
uncertain inference
uncertainty reasoning
uncertainty sampling
unconstrained optimization
unconstrained parsing
understanding module
understanding technology
unfold\/fold transformation
unidirectional parsing
unification algorithm
unification approach
unification generator
unification matching
unification method
unification morphology
unification operation
unification procedure
unification process
unification systern
unification technique
unification-based approach
unification-based generation
unification-based lexicalism
unification-based parsing
unification-based phrase-structure
unification-based processing
unification-based transfer
uniform algorithm
uniform scoring
uniform-cost search
unigram matching
unigram method
unigram scoring
unigram smoothing
unigram tagger
unigram-based translation
unit function
unit selection
unit-to-unit interaction
unix computer
unknown-morpheme estimation
unknown-word detection
unlabeled parser
unlabeled parsing
unlexicalized parser
unlexicalized parsing
unlexicalized training
unmasking procedure
unpacking approach
unpacking parse
unrestricted text-to-speech
unseeded clustering
unsupervised acquisition
unsupervised algorithm
unsupervised approach
unsupervised bootstrapping
unsupervised clustering
unsupervised disambiguation
unsupervised estimation
unsupervised evaluation
unsupervised extraction
unsupervised identification
unsupervised induction
unsupervised learning
unsupervised letter-substitution
unsupervised method
unsupervised reestimation
unsupervised segmentation
unsupervised stemmer
unsupervised summarizer
unsupervised tagging
unsupervised technique
unsupervised training
unsupervised wsd
unweighted parsing
upward search
urdu text-to-speech
user classification
user customization
user identification
user interface
user interfaces
user modeling
user modelling
user search
user-controlled search
user-delined inheritance
user-initiated clarification
user-needs analysis
user-system interaction
utterance classification
utterance generation
utterance planning
utterance segmentation
utterance selection
utterance understanding
utterance verification
v-fold cross-validation
v-fom cross-validation
validation process
value grouping
value weighting
variable elimination
variable renaming
variable selection
variable substitution
variable-length coding
variant extraction
variant generation
variant selection
variant-enhanced smoothing
variational approximation
vectofized processing
vector analysis
vector comparison
vector creation
vector expansion
vector learning
vector matching
vector normalization
vector processing
vector quantization
vector regression
vector representation
vector retrieval
vector weighting
vector-based classification
vector-based clustering
vector-space engine
vector-space system
verb acquisition
verb classification
verb clustering
verb construction
verb detection
verb disambiguation
verb discovery
verb identification
verb mapping
verb phrases
verb raisers
verb selection
verb subcategorisation
verb subcategorization
verb substitution
verb-based grouping
verb-object recognition
verb-pp identification
verbal acquisition
verbal generator
verbal interaction
verbal predication
verbal projection
verbal subcategoriation
verbal verification
verifiable theorem-proving
version control
vertex selection
vertical markovization
vertical search
video analysis
video mail
video processing
video retrieval
video summarization
video tracking
view factorization
viewpoint-based summarization
virtual computer
virtual disk
virtual learning
virtual reality
vision system
visual display
visual formatting
visual processing
visual programming
visual-haptic interface
visualization process
viterbi algorithm
viterbi alignment
viterbi beam
viterbi decoder
viterbi decoding
viterbi generation
viterbi inference
viterbi optimization
viterbi parsing
viterbi reestimation
viterbi search
viterbi training
viterbi-like decoding
viterbi-like parsing
viterbi-style approximation
vlsi design
vmm learning
vnsa learning
vocabulary acquisition
vocabulary adaptation
vocabulary agreement
vocabulary expansion
vocabulary extraction
vocabulary indexing
vocabulary learning
vocabulary recognition
vocabulary reduction
vocabulary selection
vocabulary-bias training
voice command
voice control
voice dialog
voice editing
voice recognition
voice synthesis
voice technology
voice transcription
voice-interactive telephone
voicemail access
voicemail transcription
voicexml development
voted perceptron
voting classification
voting mechanism
voting scheme
voting system
vowel classification
vowel lengthening
vowel reduction
vowel restoration
vp coordination
vp deletion
vp formation
vp-ellipsis resolution
vpe detection
vpe resolution
vq design
vtw reestimation
ward linkage
wave manipulation
waveform coding
waveform concatenation
waveform generation
wayback machine
wcp extraction
weak classifier
weak learner
weak learning
web browser
web crawling
web development
web inference
web interface
web mining
web retrieval
web sampling
web search
web searching
web server
web service
web spider
web-based bootstrapping
web-based extraction
web-based indexer
web-based indexing
web-based reranking
web-based training
web-based translation
web-oriented technology
web-page structuring
webgenre tagging
weblog classifier
weight estimation
weight learning
weight optimization
weight pushing
weight search
weight updating
weight-updating learning
weighted abduction
weighted automata
weighted deductive-inference
weighted determinization
weighted perceptron
weighted transducer
weighted voting
weighted-majority learning
weighting method
wfst modeling
wfst optimization
widrow-hoff algorithm
win retrieval
window method
window-based segmentation
winner-take-all mechanism
winnow learning
winnow method
witten-bell back-off
witten-bell smoothing
wml translation
word abnormaliteiten
word alignement
word aligner
word alignment
word analysis
word bigram
word breaking
word capitalization
word categorization
word classification
word clustering
word conversion
word correction
word counting
word deletion
word detection
word disambiguation
word discovery
word discrimination
word dlsamblguation
word extraction
word filtering
word generation
word grouping
word guessing
word handling
word identification
word insertion
word interpretation
word learning
word linking
word log-likelihood
word lookup
word matching
word memorization
word modeling
word morphologizer
word ordering
word prediction
word processing
word processor
word production
word rebuilding
word recognition
word recognizer
word recovery
word reduction
word reordering
word segmentation
word segmenter
word segmentor
word selection
word separation
word space
word splitting
word spotting
word stemming
word substitution
word tagging
word tokenization
word transducers
word transfer
word translation
word transliteration
word-based approach
word-based clarification
word-based classification
word-based compression
word-based correction
word-based indexing
word-based kernel
word-based matching
word-based recognition
word-based representation
word-based retrieval
word-based segmentation
word-based translation
word-based word-formation
word-by-word translation
word-class generator
word-classification algorithm
word-classification system
word-collocation-based relaxation
word-context-dependent phone-modelling
word-distance estimator
word-error correction
word-extraction algorithm
word-for-word glossing
word-for-word translation
word-forms analysis
word-lattice parsing
word-lattice search
word-level classifier
word-processing software
word-rooted expansion
word-sense determination
word-sense disambiguating
word-sense disambiguation
word-sense discrimination
word-sense tagging
word-sequence prediction
word-spotting task
word-to-word alignment
word-to-word translation
word-translation-learning procedure
word\/n-gram matching
word\/non-word disambiguation
word\/phrase alignment
word\/phrase translation
wordcompletion system
wordnet mapping
wordnet sense-tagging
wordnet stemmlug
wordnet-based approach
words identification
words recognition
wordsense disambiguation
wordsense discrimination
wordsmith tools
world modelling
world-wide web
wp identifier
wrapper induction
written interaction
wsd algorithm
wsi evaluation
wsj csr
wsj parsing
wsj tagging
wsj-trained reranker
www browser
xces annotation
xdg analysis
xerox tagger
xml manipulation
xml markup
xml processing
xml-based documentation
xml-based generation
xml-data exchange
xrs transducer
xscm method
yarowsky algorithm
z learning
zero-anaphora resolution
zipping compression
1-to-n cardinality
10-fold cross-validation
1000-word vocabulary
aac-nlg system
abstract anaphora
abstract machine
abstract ontology
abstract sentence
abstract strncture
abstract translation
abstraction function
abstraction morphism
abstractive summary
ac corpus
academic writing
accent placement
accent type
acceptproposal message
access time
accessibility factor
accuracy-based evaluation
accuracy\/efficiency trade-off
accusative case
accusative preposition
ace baseline
ace corpus
ace task
acoustic attribute
acoustic information
acoustic likelihood
acoustic model
acoustic models
acoustic noise
acoustic score
acoustic signal
acoustic-phonetic component
acoustic-phonetic information
acoustic-prosodic feature
acquisition interface
acquisition scenario
acquisition task
acquisition technique
action item
action logic
action represantation
active conformity
active constraint
active knowledge
activity decay
activity tag
acyclic graph
adaptation paradigm
adaptation schema
adaptation testing
additive noise
adequacy desideratum
adjacency pair
adjacency principle
adjacency relation
adjacency relationship
adjectival modification
adjective attachment
adjective block
adjective phrase
adjective senses
adjective-noun combination
adjunct attachment
adjunction argument
administrative terminology
adnominal ending
adverb attachment
adverb phrase
adverb placement
adverb-verb structure
adverbial meaning
adverbial modification
adverbial modifier
adverbial phrase
advertisement corpus
agent paradigm
agent-agent interaction
agglutinating language
agglutinative language
aggregation information
aggregation rule
aggregation strategy
agreement rate
agreement score
agreement table
ai research
al research
algebraic structure
algorithmic reversibility
aligned corpus
aligned document
aligned sentence
aligning corpora
alignment accuracy
alignment database
alignment indication
alignment information
alignment model
alignment models
alignment probability
alignment problem
alignment procedure
alignment task
alignment template
alphabetic writing
alpino treebank
altavista model
ambiguity problem
ambiguity rate
ambiguity type
ambiguous punctuation
ambiguous segmentation
ambiguous word
ambiguous wordform
ambiguous words
amendment-based evaluation
american english
analogical transfer
analysis grammar
analysis model
analytic process
anaphora annotation
anaphora reference
anaphora structure
anaphora tree
anaphoric chain
anaphoric expression
anaphoric expressions
anaphoric noun
anaphoric pronouns
anaphoric reference
anaphoric relation
animacy hierarchy
anlt dictionary
anlt grammar
annotated corpora
annotated corpus
annotated dataset
annotated lexicon
annotated phrase-structure
annotated treebank
annotation aide
annotation approach
annotation effort
annotation evaluation
annotation framework
annotation graphs
annotation inconsistency
annotation language
annotation layer
annotation process
annotation projection
annotation rule
annotation schema
annotation scheme
annotation schemes
annotation set
annotation specification
annotation strategy
annotation support
annotation task
annotation technique
annotation type
annotator accuracy
anotation framework
answer completeness
answer credibility
answer type
answering corpus
antecedent-likelihood theory
antonymy information
apa corpus
appearance similarity
applicative expression
applicative paradigm
appointment scheduling
approximate randomization
approximation model
arabic corpora
arabic grammar
arabic language
arabic morphology
arabic orthography
arabic text
arabic treebank
architecture machiue
argument boundary
argument case-slot
argument graph
argument position
argument propagation
argument relationship
argument structure
argument structures
argument table
argument-final position
argument-initial position
argument-medial position
argumentation theory
argumentative dialogue
argumentative discourse
argumentative sentence
arithmetic mean
artificial agent
artificial corpora
artificial identity
artificial langnage
artificial language
asian language
aspect change
aspectual marker
aspectual representation
aspectual transformation
asr accuracy
asr output
asr stop-list
asr task
asr transcript
assembly code
assertional box
assignment probability
association measure
association principle
association relation
association score
association strength
association table
associative anaphora
associative knowledge
asymmetric relationship
atis benchmark
atis corpora
atis material
atis treebank
atn formalism
atn grammar
attachment ambiguity
attachment principle
attachment score
attachment site
attention shifting
attitude revision
attribute relation
attribute type
attribute-value logics
attribute-value matrix
attribute-value pair
attribute-value pairs
attribute-value structure
auditory model
augmented phrase
author attribution
author corpora
authorship attribution
auto-assignment function
automata-based grammar
automated contact
automated generalization
automated service
automated translation
automatic conversion
automatic correction
automatic error-correction
automatic ewluation
automatic measurement
automatic optimization
automatic processing
automatic projection
autosegmental phonology
autosegmental theory
auxiliary tree
auxiliary verb
auxiliary verbs
avm notation
back-o distribution
back-of-book indexing
back-off model
back-off parameter
back-quote notation
backbone grammar
backchannel feedback
background corpus
background information
background knowledge
background model
background noise
background speech
backgrounded information
backing-off distribution
backing-off model
backoff lattice
backoff model
backoff system
balanced tree
barriers theory
base noun
baseline clustering
baseline measure
baseline model
baseline performance
baseline score
basque wordnet
bayes model
bayesian framework
bayesian grammar
bayesian model
bayesian subnet
beam factor
beam size
beam-search strategy
belief ascription
belief model
belief noise
belief system
belief tree
bell number
benchmark corpora
benchmark corpus
benchmark ontology
benchmark system
benchmark tool
benefactive alternation
bengali verb
best-first strategy
between-cluster similarity
between-language variation
between-word coarticulation
bible corpora
bibliographic corpus
bibliographic information
bibliographical information
bidirectional model
bigram collocation
bigram model
bilingual collocation
bilingual corpora
bilingual corpus
bilingual correspondence
bilingual dictionaries
bilingual dictionary
bilingual education
bilingual generation
bilingual glossary
bilingual lexica
bilingual lexicon
bilingual lexicons
bilingual phrase
bilingual sentence
bilingual sign
bilingual term
bilingual text
binary answer
binary feature
binary features
binary heap
binary notation
binary relation
binary relations
binary schema
binary sentiment
binary tree
binding theory
binomial distribution
binomial frequency
binomial model
biographical database
biological sequence
biology corpus
biology entity
biology knowledge
biomedical annotation
biomedical corpora
biomedical corpus
biomedical dataset
biomedical domain
biomedical information
biomedical literature
biomedical research
biomedical resource
biomedical text
biorat evaluation
bioscience text
biotechnology information
bipartite network
biterm model
bitext map
bitext space
bitterlemons corpus
black-and-white representation
blackboard-based dependency
blank space
bleu metric
bleu score
bleu scores
blog content
blog writing
book corpus
boolean constraint
boolean lattice
boolean logic
boolean matrix
boolean model
boolean operation
boolean query
bootstrapping cycle
bottom-up approach
bottom-up strategy
bottom-up system
bound anaphora
boundary ambiguity
boundary friction
boundary information
boundary marker
boundary pattern
bracketed corpora
bracketed corpus
branching trees
brazilian portuguese
brevity penalty
british english
broad-coverage grammar
broadcast news
broadcasting corporation
brown corpus
brown tagset
btec corpus
buckwalter lexicon
bultreebank project
bunsetsu type
business correspondence
byblos system
c-command principle
c-structure\/f-structure pair
calculus notation
calendar information
call center
call quality
candidate answer
candidate collocation
candidate term
candidate terms
candidate translation
canned corpus
canned text
canonical correlation
canonical form
cantonese speech
capitalization information
car navigation
case adjunction
case ellipsis
case frame
case grammar
case information
case insensitivity
case notation
case particle
case relation
case schemata
case structure
case suffix
case theory
case-frame information
case-role mismatch
caseframe network
cast3lb treebank
casual speech
catalog shopping
categorial grammar
categorial grammars
categorial lexicon
categorial selection
categorial structure
categorial type
categorical ambiguity
categorical grammar
categorical relationship
categorim grammar
categorisation ability
categorisation research
categorization problem
categorization scheme
categorization task
category compatibility
category hierarchy
category label
category level
category model
category size
category specification
category structure
category theory
category-category relation
causal claim
causal relation
causal verification
causative subject
causative\/inchoative alternation
cause-effect information
ccg annotation
ccg category
cd representation
celex database
centering model
centering theory
cepstral domain
cepstral energy
cepstral vector
cf grammar
cf rule
cfg category
cfg chart
cfg constituent
cfg formalism
cg syntax
chain length
chance agreement
channel noise
channel theory
character code
character dotplot
character formation
character sequence
character type
chart entry
chi-square statistic
chi-squared value
child-directed speech
childes database
chinese characters
chinese collocation
chinese compound
chinese corpora
chinese corpus
chinese dependency
chinese homophone
chinese language
chinese lexical
chinese named-entity
chinese nouns
chinese part-of-speech
chinese sentence
chinese text
chinese translation
chinese treebank
chinese word
chinese words
chinese-english corpus
chinese-english lexicon
chinese\/english corpora
chronological information
chunghwa corpus
chunk information
chunk representation
chunk tag
chunk type
chunking model
chunking procedure
chunking tree
citation feature
citation information
citation similarity
ckip dictionary
claim readability
clarification behavior
clarification dialogue
clarification ellipsis
clarification subdialogue
class distribution
class hierarchy
class information
class membership
class name
class probability
class-based approach
class-based grammar
class-based model
classification accuracy
classification category
classification component
classification criterion
classification error
classification grid
classification hierarchy
classification model
classification performance
classification problem
classification quality
classification research
classification rule
classification scheme
classification task
classification tasks
classification tree
classifier associations
classifier model
classifier prediction
classifier tagging
classitication model
clausal form
clausal logic
clause boundary
clause intonation
clause structure
clause-level annotation
claws tag
clef corpus
client\/server architecture
clique problem
clitic doubling
clitic pronoun
clitic rules
close-talking speech
closing utterance
closure duration
closure principle
closure restriction
cluster centroid
cluster evaluation
cluster number
cluster preference
cluster similarity
clustering model
clustering paradigm
clustering procedure
clustering space
clustering-level accuracy
co-occurrence count
co-occurrence database
co-occurrence feature
co-occurrence frequency
co-occurrence information
co-occurrence matrix
co-occurrence principle
co-occurrence relation
co-occurrence statistics
co-operative interaction
co-reference relation
coarse-grained evaluation
coarse-grained knowledge
coding module
coding scheme
coercion interpretation
cognitive dissonance
cognitive grammar
cognitive model
cognitive models
cognitive neuroscience
cognitive perspective
cognitive psychologist
cognitive psychology
cognitive science
cognitive studies
cognitive\/psychological effect
coherence model
coherence relation
cohesion measure
cohesive knowledge
cohesiveness evaluation
collaborative discourse
collection index
collection-driven concept-relation
collective noun
collocation frequency
collocation model
collocation network
collocation pattern
collocation probability
collocational expression
collocational information
collocational proportion
collocational substring
collocative meaning
colloquial speech
column constraint
combinational ambiguity
combinational logic
combinatorial dictionary
combinatorial lexicology
combinatory grammar
combinatory logic
commercial system
commonsense entailment
commonsense knowledge
communication environment
communication knowledge
communication language
communication research
communication theory
communication verb
communicational efficiency
communicative act
communicative acts
communicative efficacy
communicative expressivity
communicative function
communicative goals
communicative interaction
communicative intercourse
communicative meaning
communicative structure
communicator dataset
community metadata
community-wide use
compact representation
comparable bitext
comparable corpora
comparable corpus
comparable document
comparative anaphora
comparative study
comparison module
compiled grammar
compiler theory
complement-predicate relation
complementary antonymy
complementation pattern
complete graph
complete parse
complete search
completed parse
completeness coherence
completion rules
complex noun
complex sentence
complex term
complex word
component communication
component interchangeability
component vector
composite localisation
composite structure
composition rule
compositional information
compositional phrase
compositional semantics
compound expression
compound formation
compound nominal
compound noun
compound preposition
compound sentence
compound words
comprehension model
compression corpus
compression ratio
computation overhead
computational approach
computational complexity
computational corpus
computational feasibility
computational framework
computational gramlnar
computational habitability
computational implementation
computational knowledge
computational lexicon
computational linguist
computational linguists
computational literature
computational model
computational models
computational overhead
computational phonology
computational research
computational semantics
computational theory
computational tractability
computer architecture
computer assistance
computer communications
computer keyboard
computer literacy
computer program
computer research
computer usage
computer use
computer-generated test
computer-human corpus
computer-produced text
computer-science tenniuology
computerized dictionary
computing infrastructure
concept activation
concept cluster
concept dictionary
concept hierarchy
concept lattice
concept taxonomy
concept validation
concept-like information
conceptual aggregation
conceptual association
conceptual dependency
conceptual domain
conceptual hierarchy
conceptual inference
conceptual interlingua
conceptual knowledge
conceptual model
conceptual relation
conceptual representation
conceptual structure
conceptual structures
condition probability
conditional distribution
conditional expression
conditional generation
conditional independence
conditional model
conditional probabilities
conditional probability
conditional word
confidence measure
confidence score
confidence scores
configurational language
confusion matrix
confusion model
confusion network
confusion probability
conjugation form
conjunction operator
conjunction scope
conjunctive construction
connectionist network
connectionist representation
conservative parsing
constituency grammar
constituency information
constituency schema
constituency-based grammar
constituent boundary
constituent coordination
constituent order
constituent structure
constituent tree
constituent\/distituent information
constituents lexicon
constraint agent
constraint grammar
constraint grammars
constraint graph
constraint information
constraint interaction
constraint logic
constraint relations
constraint satisfaction
constraint violation
constraint-based grammar
constraint-based phonology
construction grammar
constructional meaning
constructional polysemy
constructive proof
contemporary english
content evaluation
content words
content-based information
content-oriented metadata
context cluster
context dependency
context feature
context features
context information
context model
context models
context sensibility
context similarity
context size
context specification
context tying
context uncertainty
context vector
context vectors
context window
context words
context-dependent information
context-flee phrase
context-free constituent
context-free formalism
context-free grainmar
context-free grammar
context-free grammars
context-free language
context-free languages
context-free rule
context-sensitive grammar
contextfree grammar
contextual appropriateness
contextual boundedness
contextual complexity
contextual constraint
contextual feature
contextual features
contextual focus
contextual information
contextual knowledge
contextual model
contextual processing
contextual reference
contextual similarity
contextual word
contingency table
contingent substitutability
continous speech
continuation rise
continuation-type cue
continuous speech
contour principle
contour type
contrast relation
contrastive reference
contrastive stress
control flow
control mechanism
control strategy
control theory
controlled vocabulary
conventional sense
conversation corpus
conversational context
conversational implicature
conversational intelligence
conversational interaction
conversational language
conversational material
conversational sequencing
conversational speech
conversational structure
conversational text
conversion method
conversion rule
converstional speech
convolution tree
cooperative communication
cooperative strategy
coordinated conjunction
coordination conjunction
coordinative ellipsis
copula verb
copular pattern
copular verb
coreference chains
coreference corpus
coreference expression
coreference information
coreferential relation
corpus cast3lb
corpus design
corpus evidence
corpus exploitation
corpus frequency
corpus model
corpus size
corpus study
corpus-based generation
corpus-based grammar
corpus-based research
corpus-based study
corpus-level relation
correlation coefficient
correlation matrix
correspondence-based transfer
cosine coefficient
cosine distance
cosine measure
cosine similarity
counting scheme
countrywide communication
coverage analysis
cpa-derived featureset
cpu time
creative thinking
crf model
cross entropy
cross-categorial coordination
cross-corpus application
cross-document coreference
cross-document structure
cross-language analysis
cross-language morphology
cross-language resource
cross-lingual ambiguity
cross-linguistic information
cross-linguistic knowledge
cross-linguistic observation
cross-linguistic parallelism
cross-source agreement
cross-speaker model
cross-system evaluation
cross-validation experiment
crosslinguistic parallelism
crossvalidation experiment
csj corpus
csr corpora
csr corpus
ctb corpus
ctb dataset
cubic time
cuc occurrence
cue occurrence
cue phrase
cue phrases
cue selection
cue words
culminated process
cultural knowledge
curry-howard isomorphism
customer care
customer support
cut-off criterion
cyber space
cyrillic script
czech corpus
czech morphology
d-tree grammar
danish translation
data accumulation
data category
data complexity
data consortium
data corpus
data flow
data homogeneity
data model
data redundancy
data set
data sets
data sparseness
data sparsity
data structure
data structures
data type
data-directed rule
database administrator
database application
database entity
database language
database query
database record
database relation
database research
datalog database
dative adjunct
dative alternation
dative case
dative movement
datr theory
decidable satisfiability
decision rule
decision support
decision theory
decision-based model
decision-making process
decision-tree model
declarative expression
declarative knowledge
declarative representation
declarative rule
declarative sentence
decoder parameter
decomposition operator
deduction proof
deduction structure
deductive closure
deep-linguistic grammar
definite anaphora
definite description
definite noun
definiteness behavior
definiteness marker
definition language
definitional question
degraded speech
degree adjective
deictic coherence
deictic element
deictic information
delaunay triangulation
delta energy
demonstrative pronoun
denominal adjective
denotational variation
density function
dependency case
dependency formalism
dependency grammar
dependency grammars
dependency graph
dependency graphs
dependency information
dependency lattice
dependency length
dependency likelihood
dependency link
dependency model
dependency notation
dependency parse
dependency path
dependency pattern
dependency phonology
dependency relation
dependency relations
dependency relationship
dependency representation
dependency size
dependency structure
dependency structures
dependency syntax
dependency theory
dependency tree
dependency treebank
dependency trees
dependency type
dependency-based representation
dependency-linked n-gram
dependent vocabulary
depth-first strategy
derivation forest
derivation move
derivation process
derivation structure
derivation tree
derivation trees
derivational equivalence
derivational morphology
derivational variation
description language
description logic
description logics
descriptive adequacy
descriptive discourse
descriptive language
descriptive representation
descriptor score
design process
detection approach
detection function
detection rate
detection task
detection time
determiner choice
determiner-np agreement
deterministic closure
development cycle
development foundation
development set
diagnostic error
diagnostic evaluation
diagrammatic notation
dialect comparison
dialectal speech
dialog act
dialog coherence
dialog context
dialog corpora
dialog ellipsis
dialog evaluation
dialog module
dialog structure
dialogic interaction
dialogue act
dialogue acts
dialogue agent
dialogue annotation
dialogue architecture
dialogue behavior
dialogue component
dialogue context
dialogue cooperativity
dialogue corpus
dialogue efficiency
dialogue evolution
dialogue grammar
dialogue history
dialogue initiative
dialogue interaction
dialogue length
dialogue model
dialogue module
dialogue move
dialogue network
dialogue participant
dialogue partner
dialogue performance
dialogue quality
dialogue research
dialogue schema
dialogue situation
dialogue state
dialogue strategies
dialogue strategy
dialogue structure
dice coefficient
dice factor
dichotomy coefficient
dico database
dictionary coverage
dictionary data
dictionary definition
dictionary definitions
dictionary entries
dictionary entry
dictionary rule
dictionary term
dictionary-based answer
didactic utilization
digital museum
digraph theory
diphone coverage
direct anaphora
direct transfer
direction-assistance domain
direction-selective chart
dirichlet allocation
dirichlet distribution
disambiguating word
disambiguation knowledge
disambiguation model
disambiguation precision
disambiguation system
disambiguation task
discontinuous constituent
discourse act
discourse action
discourse anaphora
discourse attachment
discourse category
discourse coherence
discourse composition
discourse connective
discourse connectives
discourse connectivity
discourse constituent
discourse construction
discourse context
discourse corpora
discourse element
discourse entities
discourse entity
discourse function
discourse genre
discourse grammar
discourse history
discourse information
discourse knowledge
discourse level
discourse markers
discourse material
discourse meaning
discourse memory
discourse model
discourse models
discourse network
discourse organization
discourse parameter
discourse plan
discourse proposition
discourse referent
discourse relation
discourse relations
discourse segment
discourse situation
discourse state
discourse structur
discourse structure
discourse structures
discourse topic
discourse transition
discourse tree
discourse treebank
discourse unit
discourse units
discourse-level structure
discourse-related information
discourse-tagged corpora
discriminative model
discriminative ratio
disequa corpus
disjunction model
disjunctive ambiguity
disjunctive entry
disjunctive feature
distance matrix
distance measure
distance metric
distance score
distortion probability
distributed grammar
distribution matrix
distributional class
distributional generality
distributional impact
distributional information
distributional similarity
distributional soundness
diversity extension
do-it-yourself construction
document boundary
document class
document cluster
document coherence
document collection
document collections
document content
document context
document coreference
document exploration
document feature
document format
document frequency
document highlighting
document information
document layout
document length
document linkage
document model
document plan
document rank
document relevance
document relevancy
document sentiment
document set
document sets
document similarity
document storage
document structure
document text
document vector
document vectors
document-aligned corpora
document-level evaluation
document-level measure
document-level sentiment
document-level subjectivity
dom framework
domain corpus
domain cross-validation
domain distribution
domain information
domain interpretation
domain knowledge
domain lexicon
domain model
domain ontology
domain plan
domain relevancy
domain restriction
domain theory
domain vocabulary
domain-dependent knowledge
domain-independent knowledge
domain-specific constraint
domain-specific corpora
domain-specific cue
domain-specific information
domain-specific knowledge
domain-specific knowlegde
domain-specific noun
domain-specific ontology
domain-specific pattern
domain-specific prosody
domain-specific terminology
domain-specific thesaurus
domain-specific vocabulary
double negation
driver information
drs formalism
duden grammar
duration information
duration model
duration module
dutch language
dutch literature
dutch pronunciation
dutch verb-particle
dynamic constraint
dynamic model
dynamic presentation
dynamic recognition-knowledge
dynamic-events memory
e-k transliteration
earley state
eategorial grammar
edge weight
edict dictionary
edit distance
editing operation
edition distance
edr corpus
effective communication
eigen vector
eigenvector centrality
eindhoven corpus
electric engineering
electrical engineering
electronic form
electronic information
electronic mail
electronic publication
elementary tree
ellipsis handler
elliptic sentence
elliptical case
elliptical clause
elliptical expression
elliptical fragment
elsnet resource
emacs editor
email conversation
email message
email text
embedded clause
emission model
emotional expression
emotional prosody
emotional speech
empirical evaluation
empirical justification
empirical results
empty categories
empty category
empty nodes
empty path
empty string
empty tree
encoding scheme
encyclopedia britannica
encyclopedia text
encyclopedic corpus
encyclopedic knowledge
encyclopedic rules
end-user feedback
enea corpus
energy posture
english argument
english basenp
english composition
english compound
english corpus
english dataset
english dependency
english dictionary
english framenet
english grammar
english homograph
english infinitival
english intonation
english language
english law
english lexicalization
english lexicon
english morphology
english orthography
english parse
english part-of-speech
english pos-tags
english prosody
english query
english sentence
english speech
english syntax
english text
english translation
english translations
english tree
english verb
english verbs
english vocabulary
english web
english word-dependency
english writing
english-chinese bitext
english-chinese corpus
english-french lexicon
english-japanese dictionary
english-language interface
enron corpus
entailment criterion
entailment judgment
entailment pattern
entailment relation
entity category
entity class
entity coreference
entity corpora
entity hierarchy
entity subtype
entity template
entity type
entity types
entity-based coherence
entropy formulation
entropy models
entropy parameter
enunciative situation
eojeol corpus
episodic memory
epistemological status
equational theory
equipment maintenance
erroneous translation
error metric
error rate
essay coherence
essay score
ete database
euclidean distance
euclidean space
europarl corpora
europarl corpus
evaluation architecture
evaluation corpora
evaluation cycle
evaluation data
evaluation experiment
evaluation function
evaluation guideline
evaluation measure
evaluation measures
evaluation method
evaluation methodology
evaluation metric
evaluation metrics
evaluation paradigm
evaluation service
evaluation set
evaluation strategy
evaluation task
evaluation test
evaluative arguments
event actor
event anaphora
event calculus
event category
event description
event information
event modifier
event structure
event-aligner component
event\/state structure
evolutionary computing
ewluation technique
exact match
exact meaning
exact-phrase query
examining summarization
exical cohesion
existential quantification
existential quantifier
existontial quantification
exp-loss function
expansion ellipsis
expansion technique
expectation evaluation
expectation semiring
experimental results
experimental setting
expert knowledge
expert\/domain expert
expert\/domain novice
explicit confirmation
explicit frequency
exponential distribution
exponential model
exponential time
expository convenience
expository text
express-doubt discourse
expression formalism
expressional type
expressive grammar
extended wordnet
external knowledge
external phrase-structure
extra-linguistic communication
extra-linguistic knowledge
extra-sentential reference
extraction capability
extraction evaluation
extraction paradigm
extraction patterns
extraction problem
extraction process
extraction template
extralinguistic reality
extrasentential meaning
eye movement
f measure
f score
f-1 measure
f-score performance
f-structure information
f-structures evaluation
factoid question
factual information
factual knowledge
factual question
faulty reasoning
feanne-hased unification
featnre structure
feature agreement
feature appropriateness
feature category
feature convention
feature covariation
feature description
feature design
feature focus
feature formalism
feature graph
feature inconsistency
feature information
feature list
feature matrix
feature path
feature reliability
feature set
feature sets
feature space
feature specification
feature structure
feature structures
feature type
feature types
feature value
feature vector
feature vectors
feature weight
feature weights
feature-based approach
feature-based pronunciation
feature-description language
feature-term logic
feature-value pair
feature-value vector
feedback behavior
feedback model
field compatibility
figurative language
film summary
fine-grained opinion
finite alphabet
finite ambiguity
finite automaton
finite clause
finite set
finite verb
finite-closure hypothesis
finite-state grammar
finite-state pattern
finite-state structure
first hit
first-order formulae
first-order logic
first-order model
first-order theory
fitness value
fixed alignment
fixed-length summary
fixed-length vector
fledback query
flesch-kincaid measure
flow chart
fluent communication
focus constraint
focus model
focus shift
focus shifting
focusrelevant prosody
foreground lexicon
foreign language
foreign word
foreign words
forest model
form-oriented description
formal description
formal grammar
formal grammars
formal language
formal logic
formal model
formal morphology
formal representation
formal semantics
formal speech
formal structure
formal theory
fortran programming
foundational ontology
fragment-and-compose paradigm
fragmentary syntax
fragmenter module
frame attribute
frame description
frame element
frame knowledge
frame representation
frame schema
frame semantics
frame structure
frame tree
frame uniformity
framenet corpora
framenet frame
framenet project
frameset tag
free distribution
free indexation
free-running text
free-style sentence
free-word order
french corpus
french inflection
french language
french sentence
french text
french translation
french word
french-japanese dictionary
frequency adverbial
frequency correlation
frequency counts
frequency cut-off
frequency distribution
frequency equation
frequency indicator
frequency list
frequency score
frequency weight
frequently-asked question
fsa intersection
fsa utilities
ftag grammar
full-form lexicon
function annotation
function composition
function word
function words
functional analysis
functional anaphora
functional control
functional grammar
functional grammars
functional hierarchy
functional neurophysiology
functional role
functional structure
functional word
fuzzy logic
game playing
game theoretic
game theory
garden path
gaussian distribution
gaussian mixture
gaussian prior
gazetteer information
gb theory
gemnmatical function
gender agreement
gene expression
gene name
gene names
gene ontology
gene\/protein name
general vocabulary
general-purpose constraint
general-purpose lexicon
generalisation accuracy
generalization hierarchy
generalization tree
generalized ellipsis
generalized quantifier
generation architecture
generation grammar
generation lexicon
generation model
generation process
generation scheme
generation strategy
generation system
generation task
generative capacity
generative description
generative diagram
generative grammar
generative grarrmaar
generative lexicon
generative model
generative models
generative morphology
generative phonology
generative probability
generative rule
generative syntax
genia corpus
genitive case
genitive form
genitive marker
genitive phrase
genre-specific corpora
genus term
geographic distance
geographic information
geographical description
geometric distribution
geometric mean
geopolitical entity
geoscience research
german corpus
german dictionary
german grammar
german inflection
german language
german syntax
german text
german thesaurus
gist preservation
globalphone corpus
glossary item
gmm parameter
gnome annotation
gnome corpus
goi-taikei ontology
gold standard
gold-standard sub-corpus
good-turing estimation
governing category
government binding
government phonology
government-binding theory
grammar \
grammar case
grammar code
grammar coverage
grammar developer
grammar environment
grammar formalism
grammar formalisms
grammar format
grammar framework
grammar hypothesis
grammar model
grammar modularity
grammar notation
grammar organization
grammar reestimation
grammar rule
grammar rules
grammar writing
grammar-based architecture
grammatic category
grammatical acquisition
grammatical agreement
grammatical categories
grammatical category
grammatical complexity
grammatical constraint
grammatical construction
grammatical coverage
grammatical description
grammatical environment
grammatical features
grammatical fi'amework
grammatical form
grammatical formalism
grammatical framework
grammatical function
grammatical functions
grammatical information
grammatical input
grammatical knowledge
grammatical object
grammatical relation
grammatical relations
grammatical representation
grammatical restriction
grammatical role
grammatical structure
grammatical system
grammatical theory
grammatical type
grammatical word
grammatical-functional information
grannnar rule
graph connectivity
graph formalism
graph structure
graph theory
graph-based formulation
graphical representation
grarmnatical category
greek language
grid topology
grosjean corpus
grounded parameter
group-rating matrix
gtm f-measure
guage translation
gui interaction
hamming distance
hand-built ontology
hand-crafted grammar
hand-crafted knowledge
hand-tagged corpora
hand-tagged corpus
handcrafted knowledge
handtagged corpora
handwritten scripts
hansard corpus
hansards dataset
hapax legomena
hapax legomenon
hard constraint
hclp language
head noun
head switching
head transduction
head word
head-driven strategy
head-modifier structure
head-oriented approach
headed string
health corpus
hebrew corpus
hebrew text
hebrew treebank
hector corpus
help-desk support
heterogeneous information
heuristic parse
heuristic rule
heuristic rules
hierarchical framework
hierarchical knowledge
hierarchical lexica
hierarchical lexicon
hierarchical model
hierarchical ontology
hierarchical representation
hierarchical strategy
hierarchical structure
hierarchical taxonomy
high-frequency occurrence
high-frequency word
high-level ontology
high-quality translation
higher-order distribution
hindi decipherment
hindi lexicon
hinoki treebank
history representation
history-based model
hmm model
hmm parameter
hmm path
hmm-based model
holder agreement
hole semantics
horn-clause logic
how-to guide
hp model
hpsg constituent
hpsg grammar
hpsg principle
hpsg-like grammar
hpsg-style feature
html document
htrge corpus
human annotation
human annotator
human annotators
human behavior
human cognition
human communication
human conceptualisation
human conceptualization
human dialogue
human inference
human inspection
human intelligence
human intervention
human involvement
human judgement
human judgment
human judgments
human knowledge
human operator
human parsing
human performance
human processing
human reader
human reasoning
human speech
human thinking
human translation
human transliterator
human understanding
human-annotated corpora
human-authored text
human-based translation
human-human collaboration
human-human communication
human-human conversation
human-human corpora
human-human dialog
human-human dialogue
human\/machine interface
humanhuman dialogue
humorous effect
hungarian orthography
hxical information
hybrid technique
hybrid word\/phoneme
hyper relation
hyperlinking component
hypernym tree
hyperonym problem
hyponymy relation
hypothesis generator
hypothesis lattice
hypothesis space
hypothesis test
ibm model
ibm models
ibm2 model
id rules
identification accuracy
identification model
identification module
identification task
identity operation
identity uncertainty
idf-weighed word
idiomatic expression
idiomatic expressions
idiomatic interpretation
idiomatic structure
idiomatic usage
idiomatic verb
idiosyncratic formalism
idiosyncratic variation
ie evaluation
ie problem
ie research
ie task
iexical information
if-then production
illocutionary act
ilokano reduplication
imperative case
imperative sentence
imperfect input
imperfective verb
implicit confirmation
improved search
in-depth understanding
inactive chart
inconspicuous collocate
incremental approach
incremental grammar
indefinite noun
indefinite reference
independence assumption
independence model
index terms
indexing accuracy
indexing scheme
indicative function
indicator morpheme
indirect anaphora
individual marker
induction hypothesis
induction model
inductive logic
inexact knowledge
infbrmation theory
inference approach
inference component
inference enhancement
inference model
inference path
inference rule
inference rules
inference theory
inferences principle
inferential ability
inferential independence
infinitival clause
infinitive expression
infinitive form
inflected form
inflected forms
inflection rule
inflection system
inflectional category
inflectional information
inflectional language
inflectional morphology
inflectional variation
informal writing
information agent
information availability
information characterization
information content
information context
information delivery
information entropy
information environment
information filter
information flow
information gain
information independence
information infrastructure
information measure
information model
information need
information organization
information presentation
information propagation
information quantity
information science
information source
information sources
information space
information state
information states
information structure
information subsumption
information theory
information-based measure
information-seeking discourse
information-sharing strategy
informationseeking query
informative discourse
inheritance clause
inheritance descriptor
inheritance hierarchy
inheritance network
inheritance principle
inhibition annotation
innovation corpus
input mismatch
input string
input text
insertion grammars
instance count
instructional discourse
instructional text
integration framework
intellect lexicon
intellectual property
intelligence system
intensional isomorphism
intensional logic
intensional meaning
inter-annotator agreement
inter-class inertia
inter-cluster distance
inter-coder agreement
inter-component communication
inter-event relevance
inter-human agreement
inter-judge reliability
inter-language distance
inter-paragraph relation
inter-paragraph structure
inter-rater agreement
inter-reviewer agreement
inter-sentence similarity
inter-sentential anaphora
inter-subject correlation
inter-tagger agreement
interaction cycle
interaction grammars
interaction network
interactive discourse
interactive knowledge
interactive machine
interannotator agreement
interannotator reliability
intercluster similarity
intercoder agreement
intercoder reliability
interdisciplinary theory
interface notation
interlanguage phonology
interlanguage theory
interlingua representation
interlingua specification
interlingua text
interlingual mechanism
interlingual pathway
interlingual representation
internet archive
interpolation coefficients
interpolation scheme
interpretation accuracy
interpretation process
interpretation rule
interpretation rules
interpretation schema
intersentential anaphora
intersentential ellipsis
intersentential pronoun
intersystem comparison
intonation contour
intonation research
intonation theory
intonational contour
intonational description
intonational phrase
intonational stress
intra-sentential anaphora
intra-subject correlation
intransitive motion
intransitive verb
intrasentential coreference
intrinsic system
intrinsic testing
inuktitut-english bitext
inventory management
inverted index
ipa mapping
ipa notation
ir framework
irregular inflection
irregular meaning
irregular orthography
is-a hierarchy
is-a taxonomy
isomorphic grammar
italian grammar
italian morphology
item derivation
itg probability
itg space
iwslt evaluation
japanese compound
japanese corpus
japanese dependency
japanese discourse
japanese grapheme-phoneme
japanese handwriting
japanese ideogram
japanese language
japanese ne
japanese sentences
japanese terminology
japanese text
japanese translation
japanese word
jensen-shannon divergence
job advertising
joint distribution
joint probability
joseph greenberg
k value
kaist corpus
kanji input
kaplan-montague theory
kappa coefficient
kappa statistic
kappa test
kappa value
karta karaka
kb server
kernel evaluation
kernel function
key phrase
key stroke
key words
keyboard input
keyboard layout
keyword phrase
keyword query
khz rate
kl divergence
kl-one dialect
knowledge base
knowledge communication
knowledge component
knowledge database
knowledge engineer
knowledge represe
knowledge resource
knowledge scenario
knowledge structure
knowledge structures
knowledge system
knowledge unit
knowledge-based information
knowledge-representation formalism
kodiak representation
kolmogorov complexity
korean corpus
korean language
korean morphology
korean news
korean partof-speech
korean speech
korean text
korean-to-english query
kpca model
kpca-based model
kullback-leibler distance
kullback-leibler divergence
kyoto corpus
l.exicai-fuuctional grammar
la structure
label clause
labeled corpora
labial transition
laboratory evaluation
lambda expression
lambda term
lambek theorem
lancaster-oslo\/bergen corpus
language access
language ambiguity
language annotation
language behavior
language change
language communication
language corpora
language corpus
language data
language database
language dictionary
language discourse
language discrimination
language engine
language evaluation
language expression
language grammar
language graramar
language inflection
language information
language knowledge
language membership
language model
language models
language pair
language pairs
language portability
language presupposition
language quantifier
language reception
language resource
language resources
language science
language structure
language subset
language syntax
language terminology
language theory
language thesaurus
language type
language typology
language understandlng
language usage
language use
language variability
language variation
language-based information
language-dependent knowledge
language-independent form
language-learning material
language-model context
language-modeling research
large corpora
large corpus
large thesaurus
large training
large-scale generation
large-scale lexicon
large-vocabulary speech
large-vocabulary system
lasie approach
lat corpus
latent class
latent semantic
latin alphabet
lattice format
lattice node
lattice structure
lazy strategy
lc grammar
lcs database
lcxical description
learnability theory
learned qualia
learning corpora
learning domain
learning environment
learning environments
learning machine
learning model
learning module
learning paradigm
learning problem
learning rate
learning rule
learning schema
learning strategy
left-corner grammar
left-corner information
left-corner strategy
left-most derivation
leftmost derivation
legal information
lemma-tag representation
length constraint
length distribution
length frequency
length similarity
letter mapping
levantine phonology
levenshtein distance
levenshtein edit-distance
lexemic grammar
lexemic syntax
lexesp corpus
lexicai head
lexicai-functional grammar
lexical accommodation
lexical aggregation
lexical agreement
lexical ambiguity
lexical association
lexical bigram
lexical categories
lexical category
lexical chain
lexical chains
lexical change
lexical choice
lexical class
lexical co-occurrence
lexical cohesion
lexical cohesiveness
lexical collocation
lexical content
lexical context
lexical coverage
lexical data-base
lexical database
lexical decay
lexical discourse
lexical disjunction
lexical distance
lexical entailment
lexical entries
lexical entry
lexical evidence
lexical feature
lexical features
lexical fixedness
lexical frame
lexical frequency
lexical head
lexical hierarchy
lexical ilfformation
lexical influence
lexical information
lexical inheritance
lexical item
lexical items
lexical knowledge
lexical level
lexical material
lexical meaning
lexical memory
lexical model
lexical occurrence
lexical ontologist
lexical organization
lexical parallelism
lexical polysemy
lexical preference
lexical prefereuce
lexical recurrence
lexical redundancy
lexical relation
lexical relations
lexical relatlon
lexical representation
lexical research
lexical resource
lexical resources
lexical rule
lexical rules
lexical semantic
lexical semantics
lexical set
lexical sign
lexical similarity
lexical sparsity
lexical specification
lexical strata
lexical stress
lexical string
lexical structure
lexical transfer
lexical translation
lexical tree
lexical type
lexical unit
lexical variation
lexical word
lexical-based distance
lexical-functional grammar
lexical-functional grammars
lexical-head constraint
lexical-level entailment
lexical-semantic database
lexical-semantic knowledge
lexical\/semantic pattern
lexicalised grammar
lexicalized grammar
lexicalized model
lexicalized structure
lexicalized sub-tree
lexicalized tree
lexiccr-semantic rule
lexico-semantic information
lexico-semantic pattern
lexico-semantic underspecification
lexico-syntactic template
lexicographic abstraction
lexicographic information
lexicological research
lexicon description
lexicon entries
lexicon entry
lexicon incompleteness
lexicon model
lexicon theory
lexieal choice
lexieal information
lexieal knowledge
lexieal well-formedness
lexieal-functional grammar
lfg c-structure
lfg f-structure
lfg grammaticality
lfg notation
lfg rule
lfg theory
library database
likelihood function
likelihood parameter
likelihood probability
likelihood ratio
limited-domain speech
limiteddomain speech
linear algebra
linear combination
linear complexity
linear frequency
linear logic
linear model
linear order
linear program
linear space
linear structure
linear time
linearisation grammar
lingnistic description
linguisitc knowledge
linguistic adequacy
linguistic annotation
linguistic antecedent
linguistic approach
linguistic behavior
linguistic competence
linguistic concern
linguistic constraints
linguistic context
linguistic corpora
linguistic corpus
linguistic correctness
linguistic data
linguistic description
linguistic entity
linguistic environment
linguistic evidence
linguistic expression
linguistic expressions
linguistic feature
linguistic features
linguistic filter
linguistic formalism
linguistic framework
linguistic granularity
linguistic hierarchy
linguistic hypothesis
linguistic index
linguistic information
linguistic input
linguistic intention
linguistic interface
linguistic intuition
linguistic knowledge
linguistic meaning
linguistic measure
linguistic methodology
linguistic model
linguistic motivation
linguistic nativism
linguistic pattern
linguistic phenomena
linguistic phenomenon
linguistic realization
linguistic representation
linguistic resources
linguistic similarity
linguistic structure
linguistic structures
linguistic structuring
linguistic system
linguistic terminology
linguistic theories
linguistic theorising
linguistic theory
linguistic tree
linguistic unit
linguistic utterance
linguistic variation
linguistic work
linguistics data
linguistics framework
linguistics literature
linguistics research
linguistics-based knowledge
list indicator
listener model
literal set
literal translation
literal type
llennel evangelista
lob corpus
local coherence
local cohesion
local constraints
local context
local dependency
local knowledge
local maxima
local maximum
local tree
location description
location information
location name
locational information
locative inversion
locative phrase
log-likelihood distribution
log-likelihood measure
log-likelihood ratio
log-linear combination
log-linear model
log-linear models
log-odds ratio
logic formulae
logic grammar
logic notation
logic-based grammar
logical equivalence
logical expression
logical form
logical forms
logical formula
logical formulae
logical grammars
logical information
logical language
logical metonymy
logical relationship
logical representation
logical schema
logical structure
logical-form language
loglinear model
long-distance dependencies
long-tail distribution
look-ahead probability
lopez distance
low-dimensional feature
low-frequency forms
low-level printing
lower sorbian
lr table
lsa matrix
lsa research
ltag formalism
ltag framework
ltag grammar
ltm network
luw-eiw tradeoff
lvscr transcription
machine dictionary
machine interpretation
machine prediction
machine-generated text
machine-induced ontology
machine-readable corpora
machine-readable dictionary
machine-readable representation
machinereadable corpora
macquarie thesaurus
macro-noun phrase
main clause
main verb
man-machine understanding
mandarin chinese
mandarin pronunciation
manmachine interaction
manner-class information
manual annotation
manual indexing
manual intervention
manual scoring
manual segmentation
manual tagging
manual translation
many-to-many mapping
many-to-one relationship
map database
mapping model
mapping rule
mapping rules
mapping table
maptask corpus
mark-up standard
marker dictionary
marker location
marker occurrence
markov chain
markov independence
markov models
markov sequence
markov window
markup framework
markup vocabulary
mass noun
mass-market deployment
matched-only measure
matching process
matching rule
mathematical expression
mathematical knowledge
mathematical model
mathematical notation
mathematical topology
matlab code
matrix clause
matrix language
maxent model
maxent-tagged corpus
maximal answer
maximum similarity
maximum-entropy model
maximum-entropy-based model
maximum-likelihood probability
maximum-likelihood procedure
maximum-weight bipartite
mbt tagset
mdl principle
meaning lattice
meaning paraphrases
meaning structure
meaning-representation language
meaning-text theory
meaningful text
medical corpora
medical corpus
medical dictionary
medical ontology
medical science
medical terminology
medical vocabulary
medium-sized corpus
meeting corpus
membership ambiguity
memory consumption
memory space
mental lexicon
mental model
mental state
mental transaction
merged automaton
mesh headings
mesh hierarchy
message coherence
meta language
meta-level grammar
metacognitive activity
metadata description
metadata format
metalinguistic knowledge
metaphoric language
metaphorical constrtlction
metaphorical expresion
metaphorical meaning
metaphorical phraseology
metaphorical use
metarule application
meteorological information
metonymic verb
metonymy interpretation
metrical phonology
metrical tree
middle dutch
military theory
mimic dialogue
misclassification cost
misclassification error
misrecognition rate
mixture models
mixture order
mml assumption
mmr-based feature
mnemonic text
modal logic
modal operator
modal verb
model combination
model complexity
model context
model fit
model parameter
model parameters
model performance
model perplexity
model probability
model size
model structure
model theory
model-theoretic algorithm
modeling decision
modeling language
modeling power
modeling problem
modeling toolkit
modeling vagueness
modelling approach
modem hebrew
modern cantonese
modern english
modern hebrew
modification pattern
modifier-modificand relation
modular architecture
moe-mandarin dictionary
monetary sense
monolingual collocation
monolingual corpora
monolingual corpus
monolingual dictionary
monolingual paraphrase
monolingual query
monolingual speech
monolithic grammar
monological view
monologue text
monostratal representation
monotonicity condition
monotonicity requirement
monotonicity restriction
montague grammar
montague grammars
morpheme boundary
morpheme level
morpheme-level model
morpho-lexical probabilities
morpho-syntactic feature
morpho-syntactic information
morpho-syntactic knowledge
morpho-syntactic markup
morpho-syntactic structure
morpho-syntactic variation
morpho-syntacticai information
morphological affix
morphological agreement
morphological ambiguity
morphological annotation
morphological category
morphological change
morphological component
morphological database
morphological features
morphological form
morphological grammar
morphological hierarchy
morphological inflection
morphological information
morphological knowledge
morphological lexicon
morphological relatedness
morphological rule
morphological rules
morphological structure
morphological theory
morphological variability
morphological variant
morphological variation
morphological wellformedness
morphology model
morphology module
morphology shape
morphophonemic level
morphophonemic variation
morphosyntactic agreement
morphosyntactic ambiguity
morphosyntactic description
morphotactic information
most-frequent-sense baseline
mous corpus
movement equation
mp3 corpus
msa treebank
mt architecture
mt evaluation
mt formalism
mt quality
muc corpus
muc task
muc-11 database
muc-3 corpus
muc-3 testset
muc-5 evaluation
muc-5 lexicon
muc-6 evaluation
muc-7 ne
muc-ii corpus
multext-east project
multi-dimensional input
multi-document graph
multi-language named-entity
multi-layer annotation
multi-level architecture
multi-lingual corpora
multi-lingual dependency
multi-lingual information
multi-lingual text
multi-modal corpora
multi-modal error
multi-modal information
multi-modal output
multi-participant dialog
multi-party conversation
multi-party dialogue
multi-party discourse
multi-party speech
multi-reference word
multi-sensor information
multi-sentence text
multi-word candidate
multi-word expression
multicomponent architecture
multidimensional markup
multigen architecture
multilevel annotation
multilingual coreference
multilingual corpus
multilingual document
multilingual information
multilingual lexicon
multilingual lexicons
multilingual query
multilingual similarity
multilingual speech
multilingual terminology
multilingual text
multimedia application
multimedia demonstration
multimedia information
multimodal ambiguity
multimodal annotation
multimodal command
multimodal grammar
multimodal information
multimodal input
multimodal interactivity
multimodal output
multimodal utterance
multinomial distribution
multinomial model
multiple inheritance
multiple-class concept
multiplication rules
multipurpose information
multisentential discourse
multivalued feature
multiword expressions
multiword lexicon
mutation-error hypothesis
mutual information
n-best list
n-gram match
n-gram model
n-gram models
n-gram score
n-gram table
n-gram vector
n-place predicate
nal position
namcd entity
name anaphora
name class
name coreference
name entity
name length
name lexicon
name pronunciation
name-name coreference
name-org anaphora
named entities
named entity
named-entity task
nantc coefficient
narrative discourse
narrative pattern
narrative text
native speech
natural communication
natural conversation
natural dialogue
natural languag
natural language
natural languages
natural langufige
natural prosody
natural speech
natural-language database
natural-language discourse
natural-language expression
natural-language syntax
natural-language text
naturally-occurring discourse
naturm language
navigation interface
navigational information
ne corpus
ne task
ne-time tag
near-duplicate document
negation operator
negative arguing
negative binomial
negative clause
negative construction
negative quantifier
negotiation dialogue
negotiation phase
negra corpus
neighbor graph
neighborhood density
ner model
ner problem
nested annotation
nested noun
network activity
network architecture
network configuration
network graph
network path
network structure
neumann architecture
news audio
news corpus
news journalism
newspaper corpus
newspaper language
ngram model
nilc corpus
nl application
nl database
nl model
nlg community
nlg evaluation
nlp application
nlp applications
nlp architecture
nlp community
nlp component
nlp evaluation
nlp task
nlp tasks
nlpr-ti corpus
nn compound
node admissability
node raising
node similarity
noise model
noise rate
noisy channel
noisy input
noisy speech
nominal anaphor
nominal anaphora
nominal apposition
nominal attribute
nominal compound
nominal coreference
nominal modification
nominal phrase
nominal position
nominal prefix
nominalized compound
non-application-specific corpus
non-chain rule
non-coastituent coordination
non-compositional meaning
non-concatenative language
non-conceptual representation
non-constituent conjunction
non-contrastive negation
non-deterministic strategy
non-indo-european language
non-linguistic knowledge
non-native speech
non-normative processing
non-parallel corpora
non-parallel corpus
non-perceptual knowledge
non-probabilistic evaluation
non-projective dependency
non-pronominal noun
non-symmetrical matrix
non-terminal symbol
non-verbal behavior
non-verbal modality
nonconstituent conjunction
noninteractional monologue
nonlinear phonology
nonmonotonic operation
nonstructural coherence
nonterminal category
nontermination problem
nonverbal communication
normal distribution
normal form
normalization factor
normalization model
normative model
notational brevity
notational simplicity
noun category
noun chunk
noun complements
noun compounding
noun countability
noun group
noun groups
noun hierarchy
noun modifier
noun phrase
noun phrases
noun sequence
noun similarity
noun-adjective agreement
noun-noun compound
noun-noun compounding
noun-noun similarity
np adjunction
np conjunction
np constraint
np definiteness
np fragment
np government
np head
np representation
np structure
np-hard problem
nrrc corpus
nuclear act
null determiner
null grammar
null hypothesis
number agreement
number-person agreement
number\/person information
numerical accuracy
numerical stability
oaussian distribution
object alternation
object class
object-attribute elaboration
objective translation
obliqueness hierarchy
occurrence frequency
occurrence probability
ocr performance
ocr research
offline evaluation
ohsumed dataset
oil-rdfs ontology
old slavic
omega ontology
one-sentence-one-topic sentence
one-to-many translation
one-vs-rest scheme
online dictionary
ontological framework
ontological knowledge
ontological primacy
ontological property
ontological semantics
ontological structure
ontology database
ontology language
ontology research
ontology server
ontology-based knowledge
open domain
open test
opennlp package
opinion category
opinion corpus
opinion strength
opinionated language
optimality theory
optimisation problem
optimization criterion
optimization problem
oracle translation
order similarity
order variation
ordered hierarchy
ordered list
organization names
organizational framework
organizational scheme
orthogonal matrix
orthographic information
orthographic probability
orthographic similarity
orthographic structure
orthographic transcription
orthographic variation
ositional phrase
out-of-domain corpus
out-of-vocabulary rate
out-of-vocabulary word
outermost dependency
outside knowledge
overlap measure
overt topicalization
ovis grammar
p-norm model
pair similarity
paninian grammar
paradigm extension
paradigmatic information
paradigmatic morphology
paragraph cohesion
paragraph length
paragraph marlter
paragraph numbering
paragraph relevance
paragraph representation
parallel composition
parallel corpora
parallel corpus
parallel principle
parallel sentence
parallel text
parallel texts
parameter settings
parameter space
parameter spaces
parameter values
parametric model
paraphrase corpus
paraphrase scheme
paraphrase template
parsability constraint
parse constraint
parse disagreement
parse forest
parse reduction
parse state
parse structure
parse table
parse time
parse tree
parse-based evaluation
parsed corpus
parser failure
parser module
parser output
parser performance
parser portability
parser state
parsing accuracy
parsing approach
parsing evaluation
parsing grammar
parsing history
parsing information
parsing model
parsing models
parsing paradigm
parsing problem
parsing procedure
parsing process
parsing research
parsing scheme
parsing strategy
parsing table
parsing task
parsing tree
part-of-speech annotation
part-of-speech distance
part-of-speech information
part-of-speech set
part-of-speech tag
part-of-speech tags
part-of-speech trigram
part-whole relation
part-wise parallelism
partial chunk
partial correctness
partial listing
partial parse
partial parses
partial theory
partial-data model
participle agreement
passive clause
passive item
passive subject
passive verb
passive voice
past participle
patent claims
patent document
patent map
path coreference
path-based rule
patr formalism
pattern ambiguity
pattern co-occurrence
pattern definition
pattern notation
pattern similarity
pause duration
pause information
pcfg model
pcfg-la model
pd sequence
pen treebank
pen-based gesture
pen-path length
penalty factor
penguin principle
penn tree-bank
penn treebank
penn-ii treebank
penn-iii treebank
pennsylvania treebank
penultimate stress
perceptual map
performance comparison
performance evaluation
performance ratio
permutation modality
permutation tree
perplexity measure
perplexity reduction
person names
person ne
personal experience
personal learning
personal names
personal pronoun
personal pronouns
perspective shifting
pfr corpus
ph corpus
philosophical logic
phone conversation
phone-based model
phone-based recognition
phoneme distance
phoneme sequence
phoneme string
phonemic baseform
phonemic representation
phonemic transcription
phonemic utterance
phonetic alphabet
phonetic ambiguity
phonetic association
phonetic contrast
phonetic euphony
phonetic pattern
phonetic representation
phonetic research
phonetic sequence
phonetic similarity
phonological change
phonological constituent
phonological description
phonological dictionary
phonological grammar
phonological information
phonological input
phonological knowledge
phonological representation
phonological research
phonological rule
phonological rules
phonology structure
phonotactic distance
phonotactic grammar
phonotactic information
phonotactio network
phrasal composition
phrasal concept
phrasal model
phrasal node
phrasal pattern
phrasal position
phrasal prominence
phrasal syntax
phrasal verb
phrase attachment
phrase boundary
phrase break
phrase category
phrase composition
phrase coreference
phrase ellipsis
phrase formation
phrase level
phrase meaning
phrase membership
phrase polarity
phrase reference
phrase referent
phrase structtire
phrase structure
phrase syntax
phrase termination
phrase type
phrase-based model
phrase-based system
phrase-for-phrase table
phrase-internal agreement
phrase-structure grammar
phrase-structure information
phrasestructure grammar
pierrehumberts theory
pigeonhole principle
pinyin input
pitch accent
pitch contour
pitch rise
pitch variability
plan tree
plan-based model
planning component
planning process
plausibility judgement
plausibility network
plausible ranking
plural anaphora
plural expression
plural inflection
plural noun
plural pronoun
plural reading
pmm model
pointer slot
poisson distribution
polar tree
polarity sensitivity
polarity specification
political discourse
political science
polynomial algorithm
polynomial time
polysemic information
polysemous class
polysemous verb
polysemous word
polysemous words
ponte language
portuguese language
pos bigram
pos category
pos class
pos distribution
pos information
pos pattern
pos sequence
pos tag
pos-based model
positive polarity
positive quantifier
possessional modifier
possible translation
posterior distribution
posterior probability
posteriori probability
postposition phrase
pp attachment
pp constituent
pp modifier
pp-attachment ambiguity
pr05 corpus
practical dialogue
pragmatic information
pragmatic interpretation
pragmatic knowledge
pragmatic meaning
pragmatic theory
pre-determined threshold
pre-discourse meaning
pre-encoded knowledge
pre-pausal lengthening
precision measure
preconditioned conjugate
predefined hierarchy
predicate argument
predicate calculus
predicate focus
predicate logic
predicate-argument model
predicate-argument structure
predicate-argument structures
predicate\/argument notation
predicative argument
predicative block
predicative noun
predicative phrase
prediction accuracy
prediction model
prediction task
prediction uncertainty
predictive ability
predictive annotation
predictive information
predictive power
predictiveness property
prefix substring
prenominal negation
preposition attachment
preposition combination
preposition lexicon
preposition phrase
preposition stranding
prepositional adjunct
prepositional attachment
prepositional modifier
prepositional phrase
prepositional phrases
prepositional-phrase attachment
presentation agent
presentational coherence
presentational relation
presentor focus
pretonic segment
princeton wordnet
principle-based theory
prior distribution
prior probability
prioritized theorist
probabilistic approach
probabilistic formalism
probabilistic framework
probabilistic grammar
probabilistic information
probabilistic lexicon
probabilistic measure
probabilistic model
probabilistic models
probabilistic output
probability category
probability density
probability distribution
probability distributions
probability estimate
probability estimates
probability model
probability score
probability theory
probability value
procedural grammar
process model
processing load
processing mechanism
processing methodology
processing model
processing module
processing paradigm
processing platform
processing strategy
processing tasks
processing time
production behavior
production rule
production rules
proficiency test
program operation
program writing
programming approach
programming implementation
programming paradigm
progressive meaning
project murasaki
projection principle
prolog code
prolog environment
prolog implementation
prolog predicate
pronominal anaphor
pronominal anaphora
pronominal element
pronominal expression
pronominal noun
pronominal reference
pronominal resolution
pronoun anaphora
pronoun case
pronoun choice
pronoun-resolution module
pronunciation competence
pronunciation dictionary
pronunciation quality
proof generation
proof net
propagation network
propbank corpus
propbank project
proper name
proper names
proper noun
proposition bank
propositional content
propositional logic
propositional representation
prosodic behavior
prosodic break
prosodic combination
prosodic feature
prosodic features
prosodic information
prosodic model
prosodic morphology
prosodic phrase
prosodic phrasing
prosodic prominence
prosodic representation
prosodic structure
protein information
protein names
protein-protein interaction
prototype implementation
proximity score
proximity-based similarity
pruning bigram
pruning confidence
pruning performance
pruning threshold
pseudo-disambiguation task
psg model
pspl lattice
psycholinguistic evidence
psycholinguistic justification
psycholinguistic research
psycholinguistic work
psychological behavior
psychological experimentation
psychological research
psychometric testing
punctuation information
punctuation mark
punctuation marks
purposive discourse
qa research
quadratic kernel
qualia relation
qualitative analysis
quality assurance
quality control
quality judgment
quantification information
quantification problem
quantification scope
quantificational force
quantified term
quantifier logic
quantifier movement
quantifier representation
quantifier scope
quantifier-free formulae
quantitative information
quantitative knowledge
quantitative text
query condition
query distribution
query frame
query length
query model
query phrase
query relevance
query session
query specification
query term
query tree
query vector
question formation
question similarity
question terminology
question type
question types
question-answer format
question-answer pair
question-driven retrieval
quotation structure
r-dimensional space
radio control
random condition
random order
random sample
rank correlation
rank order
ranking candidate
ranking correlation
ranking model
ranking order
ranking scheme
rapid adaptation
rapid propagation
rating-inference problem
rationale clause
rc attachment
re dataset
re-ranking performance
real-time operation
real-time performance
real-world knowledge
real-world text
realtime speech
reasoning model
recall evaluation
recall-based evaluation
recall-precision graph
recognition accuracy
recognition application
recognition component
recognition corpus
recognition equipment
recognition errors
recognition evaluation
recognition grammar
recognition memory
recognition model
recognition module
recognition phase
recognition precision
recognition quality
recognition rate
recognition score
recognition task
recursion mechanism
recursive clause
recursive structure
recursive theory
reduced conjunction
redundant information
redwoods treebank
reference answer
reference translation
reference translations
referent graph
referential ambiguity
referential continuity
referential expression
referential miscommunication
reflexive pronoun
regression model
regression tree
regular expressions
regular polysemy
regularization parameter
related-term database
relation attribute
relation hierarchy
relation inventory
relation markup
relation model
relation network
relational algebra
relational calculus
relational evaluation
relational grammar
relational link
relational matrix
relational notation
relational similarity
relational structure
relative clause
relative clauses
relative frequency
relative pronoun
relaxation technique
relevance measurement
relevance theory
renyo form
repair theory
represantation formalism
representation formalism
representation format
representation framework
representation language
representation schemata
representation scheme
representation specification
representation structure
representation structures
representation system
representation theory
representative corpora
requirements analysis
research topic
resolution problem
resolution table
resolution theorem
resource sensitivity
resource-based criterion
resource-rich language
response strategy
restaurant retrieval
restoration procedure
restoration subdialogue
restricted dialogue
restriction rules
retrieval component
retrieval model
retrieval performance
retrieval precision
retrieval query
retrieval score
retrieval task
retrieval time
reuters corpus
reversibility problem
reversible grammar
review helpfulness
revision rule
rewrite rules
rhetoric knowledge
rhetorical action
rhetorical description
rhetorical grammar
rhetorical information
rhetorical rdation
rhetorical relation
rhetorical relations
rhetorical status
rhetorical structure
rhetorical tree
rhizomatic environment
rhyme pattern
ridf value
right modification
right-branching structure
right-hand side
rightmost sub-d-tree
rm benchmark
rm corpus
robot motion
rocchio correlation
role labeling
roman alphabet
romanian wordnet
romanian-english alignment
root category
root node
rouge measure
rounds-manaster-ramer calculus
rs tree
rst tree
rst-style text
rte dataset
rtf output
rule constraint
rule coverage
rule formalism
rule format
rule language
rule notation
rule pattern
rule schema
rule schemata
rule sequence
rule set
rule sets
rule specification
rule template
rule type
rule-based model
run-time performance
running time
russellian theory
russian dictionary
russian transliteration
russian-english translation
salesman problem
salesnmn problem
saliency map
sanskrit syntax
satisfaction survey
satisfiability problem
satisfiable assignment
sbar structure
scalar irrtplieature
scenario template
scene graph
scf distribution
scf structure
schema tree
science literature
scientific discovery
scientific knowledge
scientific text
scientific writing
scmantic type
scopal polarity
scope ambiguity
scope bearing
scope disambiguation
scope enumeration
scope prediction
scope preference
scope-ambiguous representation
score measure
scoring metric
scoring model
scoring scheme
scripting language
search corpus
search depth
search effectiveness
search index
search parameter
search problem
search procedure
search query
search results
search space
search strategy
search task
search term
search time
search tree
second-language instruction
second-language proficiency
secondary stress
secondlanguage learning
sectioning information
seed term
seed words
segment boundaries
segment boundary
segment contiguity
segment duration
segment-based information
segmental duration
segmental intelligibility
segmental phoneme
segmental structure
segmentation accuracy
segmentation ambiguity
segmentation bakeoff
segmentation corpora
segmentation dictionary
segmentation lattice
segmentation level
segmentation pattern
segmentation problem
segmentation verification
segmented corpus
sejong treebank
selection accuracy
selection model
selection operator
selection restriction
selection rule
selection statement
selection statements
selectional association
selectional constraints
selectional preference
selectional preferences
selectional restriction
selectional restrictions
selective relaxation
self correction
self evaluation
semantic accuracy
semantic agreement
semantic ambiguity
semantic association
semantic attribution
semantic autonomy
semantic case
semantic categories
semantic category
semantic change
semantic class
semantic classes
semantic coherence
semantic collocate
semantic collocations
semantic compatibility
semantic composition
semantic compositionality
semantic concordance
semantic conjecture
semantic consistency
semantic constraint
semantic constraints
semantic content
semantic context
semantic cooccurrence
semantic derivation
semantic description
semantic determination
semantic dialogue
semantic distance
semantic domain
semantic evidence
semantic expression
semantic expressiveness
semantic feature
semantic features
semantic filter
semantic formalism
semantic frame
semantic grammar
semantic graph
semantic hierarchy
semantic idiosyncrasy
semantic ill-formedness
semantic index
semantic infomation
semantic information
semantic input
semantic integration
semantic interpretation
semantic item
semantic knowledge
semantic knowledge-base
semantic label
semantic lexicon
semantic link
semantic markedness
semantic meaning
semantic measure
semantic model
semantic network
semantic networks
semantic node
semantic non-compositionality
semantic parallelism
semantic parataxis
semantic parse
semantic pattern
semantic preference
semantic relatedness
semantic relation
semantic relations
semantic relationship
semantic relationships
semantic representation
semantic representations
semantic research
semantic restriction
semantic role
semantic roles
semantic rules
semantic schema
semantic similarity
semantic space
semantic specification
semantic structure
semantic structures
semantic synonym
semantic tableau
semantic tag
semantic tags
semantic taxonomy
semantic template
semantic theme
semantic theory
semantic tractability
semantic transfer
semantic tree
semantic treebank
semantic type
semantic type\/sort
semantic types
semantic underspecification
semantic value
semantic vector
semantic-oriented approach
semantical framework
semantics principle
semantics research
sematic relation
semcor corpus
semcor data
semi-automatic annotation
semi-supervised approach
semitic languages
semitic morphology
sense ambiguity
sense association
sense definition
sense distinction
sense distinctions
sense granularity
sense information
sense inventory
sense similarity
sense-tagged corpora
sense-tagged corpus
sensibility judgment
sensory context
sentence adverbial
sentence annotation
sentence boundaries
sentence boundary
sentence composition
sentence connectivity
sentence corpus
sentence fragment
sentence importance
sentence level
sentence meaning
sentence organization
sentence pair
sentence position
sentence presupposition
sentence punctuation
sentence representation
sentence scoping
sentence similarity
sentence structure
sentence variant
sentence voice
sentence-aligned corpora
sentence-by-sentence basis
sentence-level anaphora
sentence-level feature
sentence-level knowledge
sentence-level model
sentence-level restructuring
sentence-level syntax
sentence-tree pair
sentencelevel information
sentences composition
sentential complements
sentential conjunction
sentential context
sentential distance
sentential form
sentential negation
sentential subject
sentiment terminology
sentiment word
sequence database
sequence grammar
sequence model
sequence probability
sequential model
server application
set membership
set size
set theory
set-theoretical function
set-valued indeterminacy
sgml document
sgml mark-up
sgml stream
sgml-oriented architecture
shallow chunk
shallow parse
shift operation
shift-reduce model
shimbun corpus
shock graph
sigmoid function
sign language
sign model
signal energy
signal space
signal-to-noise ratio
significance score
similarity definition
similarity extension
similarity function
similarity judgment
similarity matrix
similarity measure
similarity measures
similarity metric
similarity metrics
similarity model
similarity score
similarity scores
similarity table
similarity thesaurus
similarity threshold
simplified chinese
simultaneous speech
single-best case
single-grammar model
single-sentence analysis
singular nominatives
singular noun
sinica corpus
sister-head model
sister-head relationship
situation representation
situation semantics
situation theory
situational information
skew divergence
skolem function
slot class
slot grammars
slot type
slot-filling schemata
slot-scoring rule
sluice typing
small-sized document
small-sized training
smoothing parameter
sms text
smt lexicon
smt translation
sniper corpus
snow architecture
social knowledge
social science
software agent
software composition
software configuration
software documentation
software module
software system
sog representation
solution quality
sort lattice
source language
source sentence
source text
source-channel model
space grammar
spanish language
spanish lexicon
spanish morphology
sparse data
sparseness problem
spatial cohesion
spatial knowledge
spatial meaning
speaker activity
speaker attitude
speaker change
speaker identity
speaker utterance
speaker-independent task
speaking rate
speaking style
specialist lexicon
specialized communication
specialized corpora
specialized terminology
speech act
speech acts
speech annotation
speech channel
speech corpora
speech corpus
speech data
speech database
speech form
speech graffiti-grammaticality
speech information
speech input
speech interaction
speech modality
speech model
speech prosody
speech repairs
speech representation
speech research
speech signal
speech source
speech stream
speech tag
speech vector
speech-act indirectness
spelling error
spelling model
spelling suggestion
split-and-translate quality
spoken corpora
spoken email
spoken input
spoken language
spontaneons speech
spontaneous conversation
spontaneous dialogue
spontaneous input
spontanous speech
spread vowel
spurious ambiguity
sql query
sstc schema
stability measure
stack-based model
stack-valued feature
standard arabic
standard benchmark
standard deviation
standard terminology
state feature
state labeling
static knowledge
statistical ambiguity
statistical approach
statistical cooccurrence
statistical data
statistical framework
statistical grammar
statistical information
statistical knowledge
statistical measure
statistical model
statistical models
statistical sequence
statistical significance
statistically-derived lexicon
stochastic grammar
stochastic model
stockholm-umeps corpus
stopword list
storybook corpus
strategy adaptation
stratified sample
stream-based information
stress pattern
string similarity
string-based evaluation
structural ambiguity
structural annotation
structural bias
structural description
structural feature
structural index
structural information
structural isomorphy
structural locality
structural mark-up
structural model
structural parallelism
structural relation
structural repetition
structural representation
structural specification
structural substitution
structural underspecification
structural-data sparseness
structure pattern
structure rule
structured feature
structured information
structured query
structured representation
structured stack
structured text
style accuracy
style information
style model
stylistic information
stylistic norm
stylistic variation
sub-categorization information
sub-supertype information
sub-topic correspondence
subcategonzation scheme
subcategorisation behavior
subcategorisation frame
subcategorization category
subcategorization class
subcategorization frame
subcategorization frames
subcategorization information
subcategorization preference
subgraph isomorphism
subject drop
subject ellipsis
subject honorification
subject inversion
subject position
subject preference
subject type-raising
subject-based similarity
subject-object relation
subject-predicate agreement
subject-verb agreement
subject-verb disagreement
subject-verb phrase
subject-verb relationship
subject\/verb agreement
subjective nouns
subjectverb agreement
subordinate clause
subordinate clauses
subordinate conjunction
subordinate discourse
subordination relation
subsectional anaphora
substitution grammar
substitution instruction
substitutional similarity
substring table
subsumption architecture
subsumption hierarchy
subsumption relation
subsyllabic structure
subtree pair
subtree-depth _
suffix derivation
suffix morpheme
suffix pronunciation
suffixation rule
summarisation evaluation
summarisation research
summarization application
summarization component
summarization corpora
summarization evalua
summarization evmuation
summarization model
summarization problem
summarization quality
summarization task
summary coherence
summary similarity
summation model
sun microsystems
superarv structure
superlative determiner
supertag path
supertag set
supervised mode
supervised model
support vector
surface constituent
surface contact
surface distortion
surface form
surface grammar
surface level
surface pattern
surface representation
surface structure
surface utterance
susanne corpus
svm implementation
svm model
svms training
swedish grammar
swedish syntax
swedish text
switchboard corpus
switchboard dialogue
syllabic framework
syllabic phoneme
syllabification task
syllable boundary
syllable structure
symbolic differentiation
symbolic logic
symbolic manipulation
synchronous corpus
synchrony networks
synonym dictionary
synonym information
synonym set
synonymy relation
synonymy test
syntaclic ambiguity
syntactic acceptability
syntactic agreement
syntactic ambiguity
syntactic approach
syntactic behavior
syntactic categories
syntactic category
syntactic class
syntactic coherence
syntactic collocation
syntactic completion
syntactic composition
syntactic compositionality
syntactic condensation
syntactic constituent
syntactic constituents
syntactic constraint
syntactic constraints
syntactic construction
syntactic constructions
syntactic context
syntactic control
syntactic cooccurrence
syntactic coreference
syntactic corpus
syntactic coverage
syntactic derivation
syntactic description
syntactic distance
syntactic equality
syntactic error
syntactic evidence
syntactic feature
syntactic features
syntactic form
syntactic formulae
syntactic frame
syntactic function
syntactic functions
syntactic grammar
syntactic grammaticality
syntactic graph
syntactic head
syntactic hypothesis
syntactic information
syntactic interpretation
syntactic knowledge
syntactic level
syntactic mismatch
syntactic model
syntactic network
syntactic parallelism
syntactic parameter
syntactic parse
syntactic parse-tree
syntactic pattern
syntactic patterns
syntactic phrase
syntactic position
syntactic preference
syntactic probability
syntactic properties
syntactic rank
syntactic relation
syntactic relations
syntactic relationship
syntactic representation
syntactic rule
syntactic rules
syntactic score
syntactic statement
syntactic structure
syntactic structures
syntactic sub-category
syntactic tag
syntactic template
syntactic theory
syntactic transduction
syntactic tree
syntactic trees
syntactic unit
syntactic valency
syntactic variation
syntactic-semantic argument
syntactic-semantic grammar
syntactic\/semantic grammar
syntactic\/semantic information
syntactical information
syntactical structure
syntactical variation
syntagmatic information
syntagmatic relationship
syntagmatic similarity
syntagmatic structure
syntagme nominal
syntantic mismatch
syntax model
syntax theory
syntax tree
syntax-semantics interface
synthesis component
synthesis quality
synthesized speech
synthetic noise
synthetic speech
system architecture
system description
system design
system developer
system development
system evaluation
system organization
system performance
system portability
system repsonse
system response
system shell
system-initiated clarification
system-produced summary
system-user interaction
systematic ambiguity
systematic covariation
systematic polysemy
systematic research
systemic linguistics
systemic-functional grammar
t-test output
table boundary
table information
tabular representation
tag derivation
tag formalism
tag information
tag model
tag perplexity
tag restriction
tag sequence
tag set
tag-annotated text
tagged corpora
tagged corpus
tagged text
tagger combination
tagger lexicon
tagger model
tagging accuracy
tagging model
tagging naodule
tagging performance
tagging precision
tagging problem
tagging research
tagging scheme
tagging task
target expression
target grammar
target language
target languages
target sentence
target string
target text
target verb
target vocabulary
target word
target-language representation
task duration
task performance
task-dependent knowledge
task-oriented corpora
task-oriented dialog
task-related discourse
task-related plan
taxonomic hierarchy
taxonomic link
taxonomic name
tb annotation
tcc corpus
tdt corpus
te task
teaching language
technical assistance
technical corpora
technical dictionary
technical document
technical documentation
technical domain
technical solution
technical term
technical terminology
technical terms
technical text
technical vocabulary
technical writing
tei standard
telecommunications research
telegraphic text
telephone interaction
telephone network
telephone-bandwidth speech
telic event
template coreference
template element
template identifier
template morphology
template relation
template slot
template structure
templatic morphology
temporal anaphora
temporal annotation
temporal event
temporal expression
temporal expressions
temporal focus
temporal information
temporal intensionality
temporal interpretation
temporal logic
temporal organization
temporal preposition
temporal reference
temporal references
temporal referent
temporal relation
temporal relations
temporal relationship
temporal signature
temporal specification
temporal structure
tense compatibility
tense form
tense formation
tense inflection
tense\/aspect structure
term bank
term co-occurrence
term combination
term constituent
term derivation
term distribution
term frequency
term intersubjectivity
term list
term orientation
term similarity
term specificity
term subjectivity
term synonymy
term variant
term-document matrix
termination condition
termination criterion
terminological database
terminological entry
terminological help
terminological information
terminological research
terminological variation
terminology \
terminology phrase
terminology research
test collection
test corpora
test corpus
test data
test material
test phase
test set
testing corpora
testing corpus
testing data
testing set
testing speech
text annotation
text authoring
text chunk
text coherence
text cohesion
text collection
text corpora
text corpus
text database
text documents
text ellipsis
text frequency
text genre
text grammar
text information
text interlingua
text length
text lexicon
text meaning
text passage
text phrase
text plan
text quality
text readability
text segment
text segments
text similarity
text structure
text style
text type
text-based emotion
text-based input
text-level anaphora
textract architecture
textual anaphora
textual annotation
textual coherence
textual corpora
textual ellipsis
textual entailment
textual genre
textual information
textual input
textual metadata
textual similarity
textual structure
textual unit
textual units
tfs representation
thai character
thai language
thai word
thematic closeness
thematic cohesion
thematic continuity
thematic role
thematic roles
thematic segment
thematic structure
thematic vowel
theme intersection
theoretic measure
theoretical calculation
theoretical framework
theoretical linguistics
theory generation
theory-based translation
thesaurus tree
theta theory
thinking machines
thm annotation
tie-up relationship
tiers measure
tiffs strategy
tiger corpora
tiger corpus
tiger treebank
tile agenda
tile annotation
tile archilecture
tile attribute
tile context
tile corpus
tile definition
tile description
tile distance
tile evaluation
tile expression
tile grammar
tile graph
tile interpretation
tile lexicon
tile map
tile model
tile production
tile similarity
tile slot
tile storage
tile structure
tile system
tile tree
tile word
tim lexicon
tim sentence
time adjunct
time complexity
time expressions
time series
timit corpus
timit database
tipster architecture
tipster collection
tipster corpus
tipster gazetteer
titech corpus
tlisamblguation knowledge
tm system
token frequency
tolerable wait
tolerance hierarchy
top-down chart
top-down rule
topic ambiguity
topic choice
topic continuity
topic coverage
topic evolution
topic shift
topic shifting
topic signature
topic statement
topic structure
topic variation
topical admixture
topical closeness
topical context
topical relatedness
topical relevance
topical significance
topicalised material
topicorganized corpora
toplc\/comment sequencing
topological dependency
topological space
topological structure
tp constituent
tract model
tractability criterion
trainable approach
trained model
training anaphoricity
training corpora
training corpus
training criterion
training data
training data.
training database
training dataset
training document
training documents
training efficiency
training example
training examples
training instance
training material
training phase
training samples
training set
training size
training text
training time
transcribed input
transcribed speech
transcribed switchboard
transcription standard
transduction grammar
transduction model
transfer component
transfer dictionary
transfer event
transfer grammar
transfer lexicon
transfer model
transfer module
transfer phase
transfer probability
transfer rule
transfer rules
transformation graph
transformation rule
transformation rules
transformation scheme
transformation-based tree
transformational grammar
transformational grammars
transformational theory
transition information
transition jamming
transition matrix
transition network
transition probabilities
transition probability
transitional probability
transitive closure
transitive graph
transitive tree
transitive verb
transitive verbs
transitivity alternation
translation accuracy
translation aid
translation ambiguity
translation candidate
translation candidates
translation component
translation dictionary
translation direction
translation equivalence
translation equivalent
translation equivalents
translation hypothesis
translation knowledge
translation lexicon
translation model
translation models
translation module
translation output
translation pair
translation pairs
translation pattern
translation precision
translation probabilities
translation probability
translation problem
translation prototype
translation quality
translation research
translation rule
translation rules
translation schemata
translation score
translation setting
translation table
translation task
translation template
translation-related knowledge
translational adequacy
translational equivalence
translator productivity
transliteration approach
transliteration candidate
transliteration lexicon
transliteration model
transliteration performance
transliteration procedure
transliteration similarity
traveling-salesman problem
trec corpus
trec data
trec evaluation
trec-style evaluation
tree automata
tree automaton
tree bank
tree format
tree frame
tree grammars
tree homomorphism
tree model
tree node
tree overlapping
tree path
tree posterior
tree representation
tree schema
tree structure
tree structures
tree template
tree-adjoining grammar
tree-adjoining grammars
tree-bank grammar
tree-insertion grammar
tree-like representation
tree-like structure
tree-rewriting system
treebank annotation
treebank corpus
treebank evaluation
treebank grammar
treebank parse
treebank project
treebank standard
treebank style
triad structure
trigger rule
trigram model
trigrmn model
triplet model
tritag model
tropical semiring
trump representation
truth maintenance
truth-qualified proposition
tsnlp framework
tsr tree
turbulence signal
turing machine
turkish corpora
turkish grammar
turkish morphology
turkish syntax
turn duration
turn transition
tutorial dialogue
tutoring dialogue
twa dataset
two-level rule
two-level tree
two-stages model
two-way translation
type ambiguity
type derived-word
type disjunction
type hierarchy
type identity
type lattice
type nominal_object
type similarity
type structure
type theory
type-changing rule
type-driven derivation
typed feature
typed input
typed l-calculus
typeface selection
typicality distribution
typographical errors
uam treebank
udm strategy
udp packet-loss
unambiguous representation
unambiguous syntax
unannotated corpora
unannotated corpus
unannotated text
unbounded dependencies
unbounded dependency
unbounded process
uncertain knowledge
uncertainty-based strategy
unconstrained speech
underspecified discourse
underspecified relation
underspecified sense
understanding component
understanding process
undirected graph
ungrammatical input
ungrammatical phrase
uni cation
unification formalism
unification grammar
unification grammars
unification-based constituent
unification-based grammar
unification-based lexicon
unified lexicon
uniform distribution
uniform probability
uniformity measure
unigram model
unigram probability
unigram topic
unihan database
unit clause
unit feature
unit graph
unit path
universal grammar
universal language
universal quantification
unknown-word boundary
unlabeled corpora
unlabeled corpus
unlabeled dependency
unlabeled examples
unlabeled text
unrestricted algorithm
unstressed vowel
unstructured information
untagged corpora
untagged corpus
untagged text
untensed representation
upenn treebank
upper-layer ontology
upuc corpora
user behavior
user browsing
user expertise
user habitability
user initiative
user interaction
user model
user profile
user query
user satisfaction
user training
user utterance
user utterances
user-centered design
user-defined translation
utfification function
utterance meaning
utterance structure
vacuous quantification
valence theory
validation policy
value expression
variation case
vector matrix
vector space
vector-feature similarity
velar harmony
verb argument
verb arguments
verb attachment
verb bind
verb class
verb classes
verb clause
verb complementation
verb constituent
verb database
verb description
verb diathesis
verb distribution
verb form
verb formation
verb forms
verb frame
verb group
verb groups
verb hierarchy
verb inflection
verb lexicon
verb meaning
verb modifier
verb number
verb phrase
verb raising
verb sense
verb senses
verb similarity
verb stem
verb string
verb subcategofization
verb tag
verb-level negation
verb-object pair
verb-subcat frame
verbal adjunct
verbal communication
verbal complementation
verbal context
verbal head
verbal inflection
verbal information
verbal modality
verbal modifier
verbal position
verbal predicate
verbal root
verbmobil corpus
video content
video index
vietnamese word
visual context
visual imagery
visual information
visual input
visual logic
visual perception
visualization research
viterbi criterion
viterbi parse
viterbi path
vocabulary choice
vocabulary growth
vocabulary size
vocabulary source
vocabulary test
vocal tract
vocalized corpus
vocational training
voice input
voice-mail message
volitional motion
vowel articulation
vowel duration
vowel harmony
vowel-annotated text
vowel-consonant pair
vp attachment
vp ellipsis
vp rule-pattern
we11-formed output
web consortium
web content
web corpus
web documents
web graph
web information
web page
web pages
web query
web research
web site
web text
web-based answer
web-based corpora
web-based document
web-corpus randomness
web-derived answer
weibull distribution
weight space
weight thresholds
weight vector
weighted retention
weighted score
weighting formula
weighting scheme
well-formed formula
well-formed input
well-formed sentence
well-formed string
well-formed substring
well-formed text
well-formedness constraint
well-nestedness constraint
wh-construal construction
white noise
whole-part relation
wide-band speech
wilcoxon test
window size
window-based context
wisconsin corpus
wn synset
word alignments
word association
word behavior
word boundaries
word boundary
word candidate
word category
word choice
word classes
word co-occurrence
word collocation
word compounding
word connectivity
word construction
word corpus
word count
word data
word definition
word dependency
word dictionary
word distribution
word duration
word features
word form
word formation
word fragments
word frequencies
word frequency
word grammar
word hit
word inflection
word information
word informativeness
word lattice
word lattices
word lemmata
word level
word lists
word longevity
word meaning
word meanings
word model
word morphology
word order
word pair
word perplexity
word pronunciation
word recurrence
word relatedness
word repetition
word resolution
word sense
word senses
word sequence
word sequences
word similarity
word stem
word string
word strings
word structure
word synonymy
word tag
word termination
word transposition
word trigram
word type
word types
word usage
word vector
word window
word-aligned corpora
word-aligned corpus
word-aligned translation
word-alignment task
word-based evaluation
word-based model
word-by-word basis
word-class information
word-formatives grammar
word-length feature
word-level ambiguity
word-level model
word-order model
word-pair grammar
word-translation lexicon
wordaligned corpus
wordclass information
wordform model
wordform-based model
wordnet class
wordnet database
wordnet domains
wordnet hierarchy
wordnet lexicon
wordnet package
wordnet project
wordnet sense
wordnet senses
wordnet similarity
wordnet structure
wordnet synset
wordnet synsets
wordnet taxonomy
wordnet thesaurus
wordnet usability
words sequence
world knowledge
world model
world ontology
writing system
written communication
written corpora
written dialog
written discourse
written texts
wsd annotation
wsd evaluation
wsd model
wsdc model
wsj corpora
wsj corpus
wsj dataset
wsj treebank
x theory
x-bar schemata
x-bar syntax
x-bar theory
xerox corpus
xinhua corpus
xml document
xml format
xml representation
xml schema
xml schemata
xml terminology
xp chunk
xtag grammar
xtag system
yapex corpus
ycoe corpus
ziff-davis corpus